Title	Description	Category
Public Health Cimate change	"For this online assignment, you are required to find THREE credible sources relating to human health effects thought to be attributable to climate change. Using information learned from the Climate Change lecture (lecture 24) as well as the three sources that you will find on your own, please complete the following:

In your own words, please name and describe three distinct health effects (diseases or syndromes) that may be directly or indirectly caused by climate change, and explain the climatic events or shifts that cause these health effects. Please find and cite three credible references for the information you provide. Credible sources include ONLY the following:

1. Peer-reviewed journal articles, from peer-reviewed academic journals

2. Review articles from peer-reviewed academic journals

I strongly suggest that you use PubMed to locate your source material for this assignment.

Grading will be based on:

1. The thoroughness with which you explain the three health effects- including (a) communication of scientific detail, (b) the extent to which you synthesize the source material in your assignment (translating the text of the article into your own words) and (c) your logical connection of the described health effects to climate-related environmental factor(s).

DO NOT QUOTE OR PLAGIARIZE YOUR PEER-REVIEWED SOURCE MATERIAL, OR ANY OTHER MATERIAL. All student submissions will be subjected to online plagiarism checking and within-class plagiarism cross-checking prior to grading.

2. The quality of the scientific journal article sources located, and the adherence to APA citation formatting. No two students may use the same set of three journal articles; any submission found to have identical sets of references / sources to previous submissions will be returned to the student for revision and resubmission. This confers an advantage to those who complete and submit the assignment early!

Your complete explanation should be 900 to 1000 words (not including name, title, and references).

YOU MUST CITE (within-text citations AND bibliographic citations) YOUR SOURCES IN APA PRINT JOURNAL FORMAT! The 6th APA format guideline one-pager (""easy-bib"") is available on the WCL course site. This assignment is to be submitted via SafeAssign in WCL- no emailed papers will be accepted"	5
Write a Report 	"write a report 10-20 sentences about each of the three topics below:
1. Compare and contrast the Black Death in Eurasia in the 14th century with smallpox disease the ravaged in the new world  in the 16th and the 17th centuries. How were they similar? How did they differ? consider especially their mortality, the areas affected, how it affected various groups of people, and how those places and peoples changed as a result if the epidemics? 
2. Compare and Contrast the Ming Dynasty and the Ottoman Empire. how were they similar? How did they differ? Consider their time periods, their rise, their fall, their geography, and how they interacted with the wider world (and each other if they did).
3. Explain the Columbian exchange. How did it start? what geographic regions did it include? what people did it include? How did the interactions work? what items and other things were involved in it? how did it change the wold? 

each question and point must be answered.    "	5
2 page project on financial aspect of small housing. 	You must reword/add in and make a formal proposal/report on small housing/micro housing based on the writings I already have on small housing/micro housing. 	5
political science short essay and short answers.	choose 3 of the 5 to answer and answer the essay question.	5
Long Term Article Writers required - INR 85/500 words  (Approx. $1.25/500 words) -- 2	"I'm looking for good and reliable writers for immediate hire for long term working relationship. 

* Rate: (in Indian Rupees) INR 85 per 500 words (INR 17 per 100 words). (Approx. $1.25/500 words $1/400 words)

 ****=>Bid with your PAST SAMPLE(S).******** ****

 -I do assure consistent bulk work with payments within 24 hour. 
 Payment via freelancer. 

 -Minimum 8 articles of 400 words required within 2 days. 
 -All articles must be in good English, informative, easy to read and Copyscape premium pass
 -Writer must be able to stay in touch and should communicate regularly, This is a continuing job for months so NO time wasters please. 

 FRESH WRITERS ARE WELCOME. Bid only if you are serious about writing. Let me know how many articles you can deliver a day.. 

 Your Bids are Welcome 

 Thanks
 -
"	4
Academic Writing 	"US American bids ONLY!
US Military Prefered.
Due on 16 Mar 0900 PST.

Briefly describe the greatest challenge to coalition success in Operation INHERENT RESOLVE . Then, thoroughly explain how that challenge could be overcome through the lens of ONE of the following joint functions (Command and Control, Intelligence, Fires, Movement and Maneuver, Protection and Sustainment). All references must be cited.Must include 200 word abstract.Body of paper must be 1200 words not counting abstract and references."	5
Need help with quick rewrite	In Search of a writer to do a quick rewrite for us. Price will be $2/500 words. Payment based on number of words.	2
Academic Writing rewrite	looking for someone to rewrite an Article and pharase it, only acadamic writer, i will pay 7$, words are 1900.	5
Article Writers/Rewriters	"We need writers/re-writers or blogger:

- who can get started immediately.
- who can write 10 articles per day on our website
- who can work 5 or 6 days/week one month long
- who have a Twitter and Facebook account
- who will post and promote every day an article from our website
- who are good with the following pay rates:

ORIGINALS: 
10 articles with 100 words for max. 10$/per hour
5 articles with 200 words for max. 10$/per hour

REWRITES: 
10 articles with 100 words for max. 5$/per hour
5 articles with 200 words for max. 5$/per hour

We are looking for:
4 English article writers
3 Spanish article writers
3 French article writers 
2 German article writers

We will put your name and surname on our ""About us"" website as ""Article Manager""!

The above rates are just for starters. With consistent excellent work you can get rewarded a pay increase in as little as a month's time. 

For those wanting to give this project a shot, please write 100 words as a sample. Those applying without samples would not be considered. 

Happy bidding!
"	1
I need you to write an academic project 	I need you to write an academic article. Academic writing 4000 worde 	5
marketing case study	marketing case study 	5
Health Promotion	Analysing a municipal public health and well being plan.	5
500-800 Words --- 20 Articles	"I need 20 Articles. 2 articles per day. Accepting criteria will be provided during an interview after you place a bid. All relevant details will also be provided. Place word understood in start of your bid.

$2 per article non negotiable."	1
Написание статей 	"travel portal in internet needs a copywriter/editor for writing articles about travelling. The main topics are : historical not well-known places, gastronomy, winery, hotels, nature, diving, trekking, hikking, safaris, kids adventures, wedding ceremonies, travel recommendations, etc.
We need native speakers/writers in English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Russian languges.
The articles should be 3000-5000 symbols.
We need about 5-10 articles per month in each language."	1
Academic Writing hindu	"i need an essay paper ( MLA ) on ( Four Yugas: 1-Krita  2-Treta  3-Dvepara  4-Kali ) in Hinduism religion. 

 i need ( 2.5 to 3 Pages )

 i need you to use at least 4 sources, you may use any source except for any website that ends with ( .com ) 
 you can use ( .org .edu ... etc )"	5
literature review based on survey 	"I need someone to write a literature review based on a survey that I conducted. It is mostly analyzing the survey [url removed, login to view] is 3 pages. More means more tip.  

I have attached pics of the survey. The number of participants in each question is 40 people. I also attached another paper just as an example. Feel free to use it as a reference.


Please no more than $50 offers. "	5
Write some Articles 	"write about Continuous improvement and total quality management (CI and TQM). 
i need a quick article about this subject 1000 word 
i need it in 2 hours "	5
Rewrite some Articles for me 	A 4 paper article needs rephrasing asap. SISP or IT professional preferred. English professionals with some IT knowledge are accepted.	5
logistics in E-business   	"Choose and write a report about any website inside or outside country .
What is the website?	
How website began ?
How to use this website?	
How website makes money ?

Length (max. 1200 words)
Font :Times New Roman 
Font size : 12
Line Spacing : 1.5
Table of contents
Introduction
Main Body
Conclusion
References

deadline : 5 may  ( 3 days ) 
"	5
Put an Ebook in your own Words	I am going to provide all the content from an ebook. I simply need it reworded.	4
Write 4 articles about a highly addictive browser game! Urgent!	"I need 4 articles about a highly addictive browser game to be written. Each article must be at least 500 words. The browser game is [login to view URL] ([login to view URL]) similar to [login to view URL] (if you know it).

Topic 1:
=> All about [login to view URL] 
(What is it, how to play it, requirements to play it - basically general information about the game)
There are a lot of youtubers talking about it:
Information source you could use: [login to view URL]

Topic 2:
=> [login to view URL] Strategy And Tips
Tips and Strategies to reach reaching higher [login to view URL] to play [login to view URL] more efficient.
Information source you could use:
[login to view URL]
[login to view URL]

Topic 3:
=> TOP 4 GAMES LIKE [login to view URL]
[login to view URL], [login to view URL], [login to view URL], [login to view URL]
General information about those 4 games and comparison with diep.io. How many different .io games exists and what is their content?
Sources:
[login to view URL]
[login to view URL]

Topic 4:
=> What are browser games?
General information about browser games. Variants, Flash-Games and HTML5 Games. 


Those mentioned games are very popular and a lot information can be found on the internet. You can also use youtube to gather information, all lot of youtubers are talking about these games.

All content must be unique! Bid Fast. Need Writer urgently."	5
[Report][Presentation] Domain based Enterprise System	"I need a 3000 words report on following topic.
- Domain-based ES, such as ES in finance, supply chain, accounting, healthcare, customer-relationship management, knowledge management, and outsourcing
at least two of the domains need to discussed in report.

With report, I also need a power point presentation about it

I will share a bit more detail with shortlisted candidates later. "	5
Paraphrasing about 2000 words in 5 hours	I need your help in paraphrasing some content. The paper is business related. There's 2000 words that needs paraphrasing. Documents will be shared through chat.	5
Rewrite some Articles for me 	Paraphrasing the article on the attachment file [url removed, login to view]	4
Write a Report 	"Developing Business Relationships in specific country
3000 words presented in a REPORT style format "	5
Required 30 Health Related Short Articles ReWriting	"Hi,

I required some 30 short health related articles re-writing to post on my blog.

I'll give you links and you have to rewrite that for me. each articles is related to health tips and topics. need to minimum 300 words to maximum 900 words.

let me know if you can do this.

thanks
regards
kapil
"	4
"Content Writing - ""Value"""	"I need a 400 word article on the topic of ""value"".

There are two articles I found:

- [url removed, login to view]
- [url removed, login to view]

Can you please use the two above articles to write 400 words on the topic?

Please address the following points:

- What is value?
- Why is it so powerful to understand and quantify?

The audience will be business professionals. Please - no “fluff” or filler content in this writing.

The article must be 100% ORIGINAL and will be Copyscape tested.

By submitting this article, you hand FULL owner rights over to me.  "	4
Private project for an existing freelancer.	This is a private project for an existing freelancer. This is a private project for an existing freelancer. This is a private project for an existing freelancer.	3
Rewrite 500 word article	I need 500 word article rewritten. Native speakers only.	4
Need articles rewritten - health related topics	Hi, I need articles to be rewritten in health related niche. 20 articles about 2 Clickbank products. Finish the 1st ten in 10 days and the next one also in 10 days. 	1
need to write some text of 20 word	need to write some text of 20 word	2
Rewrite 30 positive and spiritual articles for me.	"Hi,

I need some 30 articles to rewrite. the topics contains positivity, spirituality, relationships, health and self development. 

I'll give links to you and you have to rewrite them.

let me know if you can do this.

thanks
regards
"	4
Write my Product Descriptions 	I have roughly 25 products that need to have descriptions and titles created for them. I also have about another 50 that only need to have titles created. The descriptions only need to be 3-4 sentences long. One thing that I would like to be in the description is the size of the product.	1
Academic Writing about Short stature in childhood	"Write overview of 4 pages about short stature in childhood
I) Introduction (definition , occurence)
II) 1 - cause
     2- effect
     3- treatment
III) Conclusion
"	5
Proofread a short report and make it eye-catching 	"I have a short report of 500 words that needs proofreading, My rate is $5 for this task. it is very technical related to software working so you must have technical background to apply on this job. Tell me how you will do this task for me.
Happy bidding 
thanks "	4
CULTURE DIVERSITY-GROUP RESEARCH PROJECT	"3 parts are required only
1. Global knowledge
Chinese Culture In Australia
Word count: 700
2. Understanding different cultural perspectives on food and food safety
Differences between such culture in mainland China and Australia
Word count: 700
3. Research on ethnic foods from this country and on-site research in a restaurant
 Apply knowledge of Australia Environmental Health Officer (E.H.O) in terms of food safety legislation.
Word count: 700"	5
Editing a Family Genealogy Book to look visually more professional	"My mum has been working on our family history for the last 3 years. She has been writing a book on early Australian History and how it ties into my family. 

The way she has set out the book is ok, but visually it looks very amateur and needs someone with a good eye to go over it and set out the content better. I have done 20 pages in InDesign of what I want the style to look like but it takes me like an hour to do 3 pages and there are about 450 pages. 

For this project I am looking for someone that is:
- really good with InDesign
- able to read the content and make sure it makes sense 
- and can tie the images provided into the pages of the book.

Thankyou! Mat."	1
Compression Socks Pt. 2	"I would like a 1000 word article on ""The Best Compression Socks For Nurses"".  This article will require some research, and should have three to five products from Amazon to compare and contrast.  Helpful if someone knows about compression levels in socks and how it would apply best for a nurse.  Maximum project value is $30 CAD."	3
Paraphrase 	Paraphrase 4 pages , written in simple english 	3
Ghostwriter- Write 1000 word article on new medical research findings	"Hello, we need an article written and completed in the next 4 hours. Please review instructions below and if interested submit a link with your past similar completed project.

Assignment Information:

 A new study was released which examined the connection between chronic pain and anxiety disorders.  Surgeons have known for decades that a patient’s emotional health is a critical factor determining outcomes and pain relief.

Can you write a 1000 -1,200 word story as follows;

1.       Headline:  New study finds (pick #1, strongest conclusion from the study)
2.       Give the simple facts of the study and where it was published.  Remember the classic article questions:  who?, what?, where?, why? How?
3.       Do more research using Google on the link between chronic pain and anxiety disorders and mention the conclusions other researchers have found.
5.       Close with the detailed conclusions from the study itself.  So, at the beginning, you essentially provide an abstract of the study.  Give some background, quote an expert and then wrap it all up with the detailed study conclusions

Links to research study link and article:

[login to view URL]


****This assignment needs to be completed ASAP today, in 4 hours after project is awarded****


"	5
Help me write something	I need you to write some content for a website. A 3 page paper about business management and how you will make the company profitable in another country... Strategic marketing plan paper	4
Help me write something -- 4	I need you to write some content for a website.I need article on information security in organization logistics 	5
Write affiliate article 1	Write seo ready, affiliate content article.	1
new work for sraheel	contact me for the details	3
find 8 academic  references for a case study, do not write anything	find 8 academic  references for a case study, do not write anything	5
Rewrite an eBook 	Hi, I am looking for a writer to rewrite a business e-book on Productivity.	2
Edit Something 	please read the introduction carefully , all the important information I have marked in the doc. and contact me if u have any question.	5
Help me write something	I need you to write an academic [url removed, login to view] someone to complete a business assignment that requires you to complete 4 parts (1. define the project 500 words, 2. develop the project plan 2000 words 3. meetings with the project team approx 300 words 4. monitoring the project approx 500 words). This assignment gives you all the information you need to complete it. This assignment is not hard however you will need experience in business if you wish to complete it. Ill send you the assignment [The administrator removed this message due to encouraging communication outside [url removed, login to view], which breaches our Terms and Conditions - Section 13:Communication With Other Users.]	5
I need you to write a report for something.	I need you to write a report for something.	4
Development of an Authentic Assessment	"I need some one to development of an Authentic Assessment. befor you do it, 
you should know what  it is means authentic assessment.

In this assessment you will include the following: 

1.A description of the product/performance assessed.

2.A description of the subject area and grade level for which the product/performance assessment is designed. (Elementary Level) the subject is mathematics

[url removed, login to view] explanation of why an authentic assessment is appropriate for measuring learning relate to your objective(s) along with description of the purpose of the assessment.

4.A description of the person who will supply the ratings of the assessment and the setting in which the person will rate the assessment.

5. A set of instructions to the students for carrying out the assessment task and communication to students as to how their products/performances will be evaluated.

[url removed, login to view] assessment instrument based upon the set of performance/product criteria you have identified (checklist, rating scale, rubric, etc.)

"	5
Assign 2 report	Summary of Chapters 4 and 5 (textbook), EBN, and websites visited (1000 words). Explain how LEED v3 and LEED v4 differ in their structure and credits.  Pay special attention to the materials categories.	5
Academic Writing.	write about (What is your opinion of women serving in the military?) in MLA Style with 1200-1500 words within 48 hours 	5
Criminology Critical Literature Review - 1,500 words	I'd like my critical literature research portfolio to be about hate crime in the UK. Within the research proposal I'd like the way police and media respond to hate crime to be something that is focussed on in particular but I'd like there to be a lot of literature included but explored properly. I'd also like Criminology journal articles as well as newspapers, along with academic books and other platforms to be included in this review to support the research. In the document I have attached, it talks about an action plan and other work.. I only need to help with writing the 1,500 Literature review. The rest is already handled and I will worry about later. HARVARD REFERENCING IS A MUST. Should this piece of work go well, I would prefer the same person to write the extended write up for this literature review (which will be about 8,000-10,000 words) in the coming future (this is not a must and if thats not possible then its okay). Below I'll attach a short word document telling you the requirement for this literature review.	5
Hi Everyone please help me to complete my project report.	"I need you to write an academic [login to view URL] prepare a Project report which should include executive summary, table of content,introduction or backgroud, main body conclusions & references on L&T metro rail project which is still in progress in india.
i need turnitin plagiarism receipt for my work also."	5
academic writing	a broad  research	4
Write a Report 	"The research is about touch sensor based on nanomaterial. I want the research to be between 20 to 22 pages .  the research topic will be about:- 

Abstract
Introduction
Sensing strain with nanomaterials
Pressure, Force and touch sensing
Force sensor including: 
Capacitive Force Sensors
Piezoelectric Force Sensors
Pyroelectric Force Sensors 
Other types of forces sensor
Nanomaterial in Touch Screens
Exploiting Nanoparticles for Sensing Applications
Conclusion
add one or two more topic from your self 

I want it within 5 days , if you finish earlier it will be great. I want the resources to be scientific. Provide me please the link of the resource. In case the resource is from book, provide me the link of the book. If you find useful information from the articles provided use them. 
"	5
Help me write a report for the current problem of Dundee Wellgate centrum	I need you to write an academic article. 4th year business management student. I need a report of my findings are recommendations for potential solutions and implementation strategies for the current problem (2000 words). The current problem is a bad image of the shopping centre in Dundee called Wellgate. The shoppping centre has a bad image coz of their cheap shops inside and just next door is Job Centrun. There is no budget for the solutions and we can implement any strategy we believe could work or other shopping centres done. It doesn't even have to stay the shopping centre it could be completely something else as long as there is a good justification for it.	5
Write some Articles	I want a business report of around 5000 words 	5
Write a Business Plan	I require a Business plan to be done for a online application that I have created, previous experience is a MUST. I will need you to provide bullet points of what you require from me to assist in the writing of this plan. If you can also send through a sample of previous business plans that you have written it would be appreciated. You will also need to advise on how this can be monetised (i.e banner advertising etc). I will provide further details to the successful freelancer. It needs to be completed by the end of the weekend. Thanks	2
Help me write something	"I need you to write a report for something. Report about phishing for example email phisihing 

What is phishing, 

How it is done,

Why does the phisher do it and what do he gets from it 

How to protect your self from it."	5
Help me write something	I need you to write an academic article. Literature review on black feminist thought. I already have the topic introduction and outline completed	5
Content Writing 	I need 1 essays done by 12th of Dec	5
Paraphrase reservoir engineering report	A freelancer with good background in petroleum reservoir and production engineering is required to paraphrase a reservoir production eng. report. SPE materials to be included as well.	5
Interior and exterior design (home improvement) and concrete delivery	Hello to you my future freelancer, I have two websites [url removed, login to view] and [url removed, login to view] and looking for a person who would be able to write 4 articles (2 for each website) monthly at least 2500 characters long each. I will be providing editorial calendar.	1
Marketing report: Netflix's Mobile app evaluation 	Netflix's Mobile app evaluation: Analyzing an organizational mobile app. How does the website fit with organizational overall strategy and marketing mix? How is the online experience? What are the challenges, benefits and risks of using website? What would be your recommendations to the organization?	5
Write a Report 	Summary (2-3 pages) of the IoT market in 2016 (e.g. categories, major players, investors, numbers) and high-level projection into 2017	4
I need you to write an academic article. -- 2	"I need you to write an 8-page empirical research proposal on Assets Pricing using a multi factor APT model. 

You must be familiar with assets pricing, CAPM, APT, EMH and empirical research."	5
Academic Writing 	"Write a 1000-word essay on the issue given below, including relevant diagrams and references. Your answers should be word processed and presented in a professional way. 

Compare and contrast 2 early numerical models for ocean circulations given below. by answering given questions
"	5
Write a Report 	I want you to paraphrase the report ....	5
Research Writing 	Academic writing , Critique , 	5
Find and re-word articles for the News section of our website	"I need a dozen or more articles to populate the news section of our website. It is for a UK based retail electronics distributor so will focus on this sector and the retail sector.

The articles are meant to provide a bit of knowledge, but they are also for information purposes such as highlighting events the company took part in and other electronics distribution/online marketplace industry related news.

I am willing to spend $100 on the whole bunch, so taking the price into account I will award the project to person who can provide the most and high quality pieces of articles.

We can start this off by finding a bunch of other relevant articles, then re-word it to make it relevant to our website and so it doesn’t get caught up as plagiarised content. 

Experiences writers only please.

Please message me so I can show you other examples which you can use to assist you. 
"	1
part of a business plan	hello im looking for someone to do a short part of a business plan. 	2
Risk Decision Analysis 672 A3	Problem Solution. Freelancer must know probability and risk analysis.	5
Write a Business Plan 	"1. Use different techniques to identify perceived quality gaps for a selected service/product 
2. Explain  how a customer relationship management system is used in a selected organisation.
"	5
discussion  - open to bidding	n Chapter 3 of Make it Stick, the authors claim that spacing, interleaving, and variability greatly increase learning and the performance that comes from applying that learning.  Have you had a learning experience that benefited from spacing, interleaving, or variability?  How much of a difference did it make?	4
Leaders are born, not made! Do you agree or disagree?	"Topic: Leadership

Leaders are born, not made! Do you agree or disagree?

The format should be in an essay of 900-1000 Words.

With normal introduction, body and conclusion as the structure. 
You are to research current views on leadership and support your argument for or against the above with a minimum of 5 peer-reviewed articles.
You may use as examples well known leaders to justify your views.

The Marking will be allocated as mentioned in the file attached to this project.

The project is to be done by the end of 29/03/2017."	5
Get Articles Written	DUE IN 6 HOURS! I need you to write a 1200-1500 word research article on a topic about Ancient Greece.	5
technical writing 	how data analytics is used in football 	5
report writing about how data analytics is used in the retail industries  	"Literature review of 1 pages about 
-	How data analytics is used in retail industries 
Literature review of 2 pages about below data mining techniques   
-	Association rule, clustering, time series analysis, random forest 
"	5
Research Writing	"I am looking for a freelance research writer to write around 1300-1500 words explaining the differences between the research methodologies. I have a budget of £60-£80. The deadline is 8 PM today UK time.
The document should be referenced with around 6-7 scholarly works, e.g. from Google Scholar. The more recent the better, but some older ones are fine.
It should explain the differences between quantitative research, qualitative and mixed method. E.g. which one is structured/unstructured, objective/subjective, deductive/inductive, which one is suited better for what, advantages/disadvantages, etc. Also opinions about mixed method (e.g. incompatible or best of both worlds).
Include links to all your referenced works in the ""Works Cited"" section; I've uploaded a document with two paragraphs started - use that to carry on. (The ""Works Cited"" section is not included in the word count.)
The final document will be tested with Turnitin UK (lasting a few minutes only) and when it passes, payment is released immediately."	5
case study	I am looking for a freelancer to help me with my project. The skills required for an EDEXCEL  Level 7 -Strategic Human Resources Management module Case Study  and Research Writing of max 2000 words purely based on a provided module  I am happy to pay a fixed priced and my budget is $ 100 - $ 200 USD. I will provide a detailed description and will upload  files once I am happy with a freelancer	5
Write a Business Plan	I am looking for a freelancer to help me with my project. The skill required is Business Plans. I am happy to pay a fixed priced and my budget is $50 USD. I have not provided a detailed description and have not uploaded any files.	3
Write some Articles 	Need about 50 articles to be written on health.	2
Write a Report 12	"i want you to take a look at the file link I want it to get rewritten in simple English


[login to view URL]!234&H=emul&C=5_810_BN1-SKY-WAC-WSHI&ui=AR-SA&rs=en-US&wdo=2&wde=doc&wdp=3&su=3187696117662692401&ad=en-US&sc=host%3d&cy=canary&ak=t%3D0%26s%3D0%26v%3D%21AC7lMYPysl2sV0M%26aid%3D5b48ce17%2D23cf%2D43e4%2D9ef0%2Dd72dda6b192e%26m%3Dar%2D145&wdMobileHost=2"	4
Editing my work	I need some help editing some work I have done. I need for it to be expanded and for someone to look through it and add references etc. 	5
Academic essay project-Write an empirical Report 	"""Conduct a thematic analysis of an audio clip of an interview held in the Oral History of British Science archive of the British Library. Then, write an empirical report of three themes you have identified in your analysis of the interview"".
(Word limit: 1500 words (excluding title, abstract, references and appendices)


This is an academic project. please only bid if you are familiar with how to write empirical reports and thematic analysis. If you are familiar of academic essay writing, this project will suit you. I can provide all the information and and relevant material for this report. Looking for a freelancer that is also interested in long term academic writing projects. Must be affordable. Only affordable bids will be considered."	5
I would like to hire a Content Writer	I need you to write some content for a website. I need to do some content writing for a Blog/Website. Less that 400 words long. The texts should be a compelling description of what you can expect when enjoying a bike tour in Amsterdam. The content should be written in a playful and yet trusting way.	1
Health Promoting Podiatry	Health Promoting Podiatry,Nursing and Healthcare assistance 	3
$30 - $250 USD	"To write a review/summary/your understanding of the 3  different [login to view URL] of the given videos and writing the report based on the cognitive ability

Weblink of the videos:

1) [login to view URL]

2) [login to view URL]

3) [login to view URL]


Font size: 12 for text, and 14 for headings
Font type: Times New Roman/Calibri"	5
Read a textbook chapter and write a 250 word reflection (US ENG) 12- 24hr deadline	Read a textbook chapter and write a 250 word reflection (US ENG) 12- 24hr deadline.  More details via private message. 	5
Write my Product Descriptions 	im looking for a writer to write my app description for me. please make sure you are excellent in english and in product description. id like it ready in 1 hour. thank you	2
Write Me 10 Short Articles (150+ Words Each)-003	"I want to hire someone to write 10 short articles. I need at least 5 articles within next 12 hours.
•	Each article must be over 150 words
•	Must be specific to the US cities
•	Must be unique and include keywords
I’ll provide you with few examples of what kind of work I'm looking for. Please start your proposal with the code word “uscities” and let me know your price for 10 articles so that I know you’ve read the project descriptions.
"	2
Case Study	"Tourism Related
Case Study
- Crisis that affected the tourism industry in that country
- Measures taken by the NTO

"	5
Write articles -- 38895	"Hi,
I am looking for 500 words of contents written in next 1-2 hrs starting right now. The content must be written in perfect English. All work must be original and copyscape passed. Please quote your price in pmb. Ongoing work available upon completion."	2
Research Writing 	Need to write a briefing paper on a given topic. The topic is technical and specific to challenges faced by IT professionals.Minimum requirement is 1500 words	5
PPT material manufacturing! “ Grinding process “	I need you to write a Material and manufacturing subject topics “ Grinding process “ . #Mechanical Eengineering	5
small project one question	small eassy around 200 word , school level	5
small project one question 1	300 to 400 word , united state against north korea	5
I need an article about e-cigratte	I want to a writer to write an article about Vapeman STEAM ENGINE DNA75 Box Mod( It is an e-cigarette product. In addition, the write should know information concerning e-cigratte very well. this website offers some information about above [url removed, login to view]://[url removed, login to view]	1
Re-Phrasing of a technical engineering paper.	"I want an experienced writer to reduce the similarity report percentage of my upcoming paper which I have used some of my previous results with extended discussion and results too. 

The paper draft is attached in which needs further work and results to be added later. However, I need someone to work on the textual elements of it at the moment to finalise it later. 

The similarity report of the paper is attached and once the project awarded I will send you the word docx format of it. 

Experienced writers with knowledge in the field are highly preferred. 

Due date of the paper is 2 days from now. 

"	5
The UAE forieng policy	"In the introduction, I need a brief about how foriegn policy in general is formulated in the world, then the main argument will be: this paper will focus on how UAE economy in particular help formulaing the foriegn policy of UAE

Body1: explain in details about the UAE economy(internally) how it started shifting  from oil based economy to diverstificatin (clean energy/foriegn direct invesments/services/tourism/etc)

Body2: explain in details UAE economy (externally) for example how UAE is part of international economic organization as WTO , the economic ties with the Eastern countries/west in terms of economy.

Body 3: analyticcal discussion-
Discuss in analytical way how economy of UAE affect the forign policy formulation of UAE

Body4: conclusion- summary of the paper refering to the main argument

Reference
"	5
i need an essay writer	need someone to write my 1500 essay	5
Edit our company profile	Edit our company profile	1
Products description writer	I need a highly skilled products description writer 	1
Copywriting	Entry submission for red dot design. 6 products with copy points. 1200 characters max for each product	5
REGION article summaries	For the open access journal REGION ([login to view URL]) I need a writer who turns selected articles into English language summaries that demonstrate the value of the research behind the article to the general public. These press releases will be posted on AlphaGalileo (via the account of ERSA, the European Regional Science Association). The budget selected is per article. If you can also manage to get your summaries into media, this will be highly appreciated and awarded extra.	2
Help me write something	Scrittura di alcuni articoli	2
Write 5 blog posts on Instagram	"Each blog should be 700+ words must have relevant photos. 
Topic - Instagram Feed,  Instagram Theme, Instagram Stories  .....

Need 5x seo optimized blog post."	1
Writing articles on insurance in the US	"Need to write 10 articles on insurance in the US on the following topics (headlines):
1) quote a car insurance
2) car insurance categories
3) car insurance estimate online, online services overview
4) business liability insurance
5) vehicle insurance agency, Top 20
6) small business insurance
7) general liability insurance
8) business loans, where and how to get
9) car insurance price quote, a review of prices and companies
10) life insurance quotes"	1
Writer for fashion & Kids blog	Need writer for my kids fashion blog, female writer only. Native English speaksr only. M10 posts for $150	1
the Rhetorical Analysis	it is a work about Rhetorical Analysis. 	4
Help me edit my Cv and cover letter	Hi ,I need a Experienced person help me to edit my Cv and a new cover letter. Thanks	1
Creative Writing	"Hello,

I need a creative writer to write a short essay, approximately 300 words to describe specific neighborhoods. There will be 6 total short essays.

Please use your own words, no plagiarism, and make it interesting for the reader.

Thank you for checking this project.
DennyPlease provide 2-3 samples of your writing"	1
Apartment Website SEO Content and Blogs	Looking for a weekly blogs with SEO focus on Renting Apartments in Edmonton, Alberta Canada	1
essay	write an essay 4000 -5000words	5
Paraphrase the Attached Document. 	I would like the document attached to be paraphrased and summarized in order to reduce the number of pages. 	5
Script Writing 	Mobile Application Video Presentation.	3
Write New SEO friendly website content 	"IMPORTANT: (PLEASE READ BEFORE YOU BID)

Industry: Trucking & Logistics. 
Location: Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
Business Name: Saikley Transport Inc. 
# of web pages: 12 Pages ( home - about - services - ship - carrier - contact ). 
Writers Experience: Must be able to write SEO American/Canadian English with American/Canadian sentence structure. 
Total number of words: +/- 4000 words

Note: 
I am looking for a content writer who can create new content and paraphrase existing content for my business website. I have attached a site map identifying the various sections with the approximate number of written words that are required.  The writer must be able to do some minor research to understand the subject at hand. I will provide you with competitor websites which you can use as a reference. Also, you will be given access to our new website to understand the sitemap.

Please ask me questions if you don't understand the instructions below. 

Also attached, you will find content written by another freelancer who did not produce quality content. I ended up rejecting his work.

SEO Key Words: it doesn't matter what order you use.

Trucking Company Ottawa 
Logistics Company Ottawa 
Shipping Company Ottawa 
Freight Company Ottawa
Hauling equipment in Ottawa 
Trusted Trucking in Ottawa 
less than a truckload in Ottawa 
truckloads in Ottawa 

READ ALL ATTACHED INSTRUCTIONS"	1
Proof Reader	I have a 900 word essay written in WORD.  I need an United States English Proofer. I would like to have to returned in 48 hours.	5
professional resume needed 	I need a professional Resume for job applications. I have a rough draft outline. 	1
Concrete constituents and mix design -- 2 - 	"You are required to answer all questions:
1) In concrete production, compaction has to be done properly to ensure the
concrete has the potential to achieve its design strength and of good qualify of
concrete. Explain the purpose of compaction and discuss the effects to the
concrete if the compaction were not carried out properly.
(500 words)
2) The use of recycled materials and secondary aggregate in the UK is increasing as
the construction industry seeks to become more sustainable. Building materials
such as concrete are a key resource for building a sustainable society and the
industry have a responsibility to protect the climate and secure the resources for
the future.
Below are some of the recycled materials that has been widely used in the
industry and others have been widely researched. They are:
I.) Recycled aggregate (RA)

III.) Recycled concrete aggregate (RCA)
For each of the selected item, describe, analyse and critically evaluate how of these
recycled materials affect the performance of concrete in (include diagrams, graphs
and tables to illustrate your work):
a) Fresh properties (workability, segregation, cohesiveness)
1000 words in total (500 words for each of the recycled materials)
b) Hardened properties (strength, durability, etc)
1000 words in total (500 words for each of the recycled materials)

Word processed on one side of A4 paper with 1.5 spacing and Ariel font of 12
 Pages should be numbered
 Present your word count after answering each question"	5
Paraphrase, review and edit blog post	"Hi,
I need someone to review the draft article I wrote, paraphrase and edit making it more engaging and interesting. I will publish in a high traffic blog so it has to be much better. The deadline is tomorrow."	1
Write a short kids story	"I am looking for a writer who can create a short kids story for a project that I'm working on. 

Story Requirements:
- 1,200 Words (send me a synopsis of 100 words first) 
- Kids age 3-5 years
- Main character - girl named Sophia 
- Secondary character - a giraffe 
- Story needs to include playing Hide & Seek at a Birthday party 

Story needs to teach these values: 
- Be nice and respectful to your friends
- Don’t give up 

If interested in the project, please send me a sample of your writing. If I like your sample, I will ask for a 100-word synopsis. 

My budget is $150-$250. Once we agree on a final price, please do not ask me to pay you more. I can add on a tip if I'm really happy with the work but if you explicitly ask me for a tip, I will not add it on and my rating of your work will be lower. I'm just trying to be transparent.   
"	1
Write some articles about a debt collection agency	The project comprises writing 5 articles, 300-words each, about commercial and medical debt collections. The idea is to get prospectives learn about a debt collection agency we work with. The articles need to follow specific SEO criteria that we will release after selection (keyphrases, location, and number of appearances). The articles must pass Copyscape and Grammarly tests. Native English speakers - and particularly US-based writers -  will be given much consideration. 	1
Writer Wanted	Article (max. 1,800 words) about learning and development for a professional association's monthly magazine issue.	1
Website content 	Need to fill up the content of my new website. Looking for someone who knows how to write in innovative and chill style. This is for outsorcing company. 	1
Write 20 Articles 250 words each using 5 keywords	"I am looking someone to Write 20 Articles 250 words each using 5 keywords.
I can hire multiple freelancers.

Need it to be done asap 
"	1
Resume Review (Build)	I am a senior financial/credit analyst looking to revamp my resume	1
Cleaning company looking for a copywriter	I am looking for copywrite as i need to rewrite one page of the infomation.	1
Looking for a professional ghostwriter	"Hi,

I'm looking for a professional ghostwriter. You need to have a great idea about the following subjects:
1. Cryptocurrency 
2. Trading 
3. Technical Analysis 
4. Business 
5. Enterpuership 

This project is for 3 blog posts (with 750 words for each).

** Must Be NATIVE ENGLISH speaker
"	2
Edit and proof read document	Look for someone who is good at writing compelling marketing content. I have a drafted out 6 points on one-page flyer but need someone to do their magic and make it sounds compelling for people to use us when buying or selling a home. We will you to do a monthly blog on the real estate in Orlando, Florida.	1
Write article about cryptocurrency exchange	Write article about specified cryptocurrency exchange, with specified keywords,  7500 words at least	4
I need article reworded and rephrased	I have an article i need reword and rephrased. Around 1,400 words. This is a small funded project	2
Rewrite the paragraphs in computer fild	"I have a file in computer information system field and i nead to rewrite it  by another words and with the same meaning 
To do this task u must be an a computer information system field.... firstly u must rewrite one paragraph to see the quality of ur work"	4
Help me write something	"This a four paper to write about battery adadvancement. It should Include an abstract, background details, applications and a conclusion to your paper.
Paper should include 2-3 sources, and should thoroughly explain the topic and why it is important."	5
Paper Extract for telecom engineer.	I would like to have 4 page paper extract of attached paper.	5
I need a professional CV writer fix price for 92.58$	I need a professional CV like attached PDF 	1
Impact Assessment 	Impact Assessment proj in local environment.	4
Article Writers Needed: Business services, logistics, engineering topics	"We're looking for 6 writers to write regular 500 word blog posts on a variety of topics. Lots of work available (50+ articles per month)

Categories are: Business processes, marketing, logistics, manufacturing, engineering

These are blog posts for marketing purposes. The writing doesn't need to be particularly technical, but you must have the ability to conduct thorough research and write convincingly for the target audience. Looking for a concise writing style (no fluff/filler) and good communication. These are for UK companies, so you will need to use British spelling, grammar and research sources.

Budget is £15 per 500 word article

Please base your bid on your monthly availability in number of articles.

e.g. 10x articles p/m: £150
4x articles p/m: £60
20x articles p/m: £300

Thanks! I look forward to hearing from you

PROJECT GUIDELINES - PLEASE READ CAREFULLY
- NATIVE LEVEL FLUENT WRITTEN ENGLISH
- ORIGINAL WRITING ONLY: No plagiarism, copying or content spinning
- INDEPENDENT WRITERS ONLY: No agencies. No subcontracting
- NO NEGOTIATING ON FEES: The budget is set. Please don't bid if you can't work with it
- NO FAKE PROFILES: Please be open and transparent about your identity, skills, work history etc

We've had several negative experiences on this site. The project will be immediately cancelled and payment forfeit if you breach these guidelines. Thanks for your understanding.

"	1
managing IS strategy and security risk	I need you to write about managing IS strategy and security risk	5
English writer and re-writer	"Need a website content to create text content for tourism related subject matter and also:
a specific service website content writer and creator: from scratch.
You will create content 1. for 7 pages. 2. For 10. pages. Start from SERVICE website first."	1
Rewrite 350 Words	I have 350 words I need to pass copyscape. I have rewritten 3/4 of it but some of the phrases catch. Need perfect quality and fast turnaround.	5
Essay 500 words -- 3	I need you to write an essay/ 500 words.	5
need articles about user testing / ux design	"Please bid for 3 articles, each articles need to be illustrate with images free of right,  all article must be originals and we will own the rights.
Each articles must be between 400 and 600 words.
If you feel that an article can have more words than 600, let em know and i'll give you extra budget.
If you have subjects of articles, you can suggest them to me and i'll hire you to write them, so you can do more. But i already have my own list of subject."	1
Healthcare info	2000 words 	5
re-Write 3 x articles	"HI guys - I need to have 3 articles that are posted online 
read, and re-written
so that we have good quality content as a result - 
but not plageurised. 

Reading, re-writing in a different tone and voice etc. 

these are the articles 

Are Influencers Worth Your Money? We Went Undercover to Find Out.
[login to view URL]


Tim Ferriss, Gary Vaynerchuk and More Share What Will Make Businesses Successful in 2018
[login to view URL]

The Importance of Making Sure Customers Feel Heard
[login to view URL]

Could you please include examples of other research or writing you have done. 
thanks
Walt PLEASE MAKE SURE YOUR BID IS FINAL"	1
Project writing	I have to write a project. I have all the source from where it needs to be written (so a major headache is taken care of). Also, I have a sample ready how it needs to be written. You can either follow the sample or add something extra from the sources (that will be great). If you are interested in this let me know and we can discuss about this further.	4
create a 300 words blog	i want someone to write a 300 words blog with apa style reference	5
intrinsic value of bitcoin.	"is it possible to use traditional theories to find the intrinsic/fundamental value of Bitcoin? if not, why not? what are the other valuation tools if any?

 - use hots not lots (in ppt)
 - pls show me the ideas first"	5
Business report 	Research business report writing 	5
A Great Reference Letter	"HI everyone,

I would like to write a great reference letter for my staff, I need it in one day. Thanks 
Points :
- My Staff is a lady
- She never late
- Hard Working
- Willing to learn even she never did before
- This is her first job after graduation
- Nice and very Good EQ
- Good communication with customers
- Her main job duties is my asistant and help customer to solve problem on flower ordering
- We are a flower shop

Thank you all

"	1
help to correct the style for our company overview	"i need somebody that can help me to correct a text in a perfect english with a marketing style for our linkedin profile.

At Blockbliss, we believed that by the use of Blockchain technologies we can generate solutions that  transforms the organizations and individuals creating a world more open and agile.

we are a full-stack development team passionate about innovation and the success of our customers and partners.

Our process and methodologies are designed to increase the quality and speed of our solutions and the satisfaction of our customers.

Blockbliss bring your ideas to life.
"	1
Proofread, Copyedit, Content Edit my book	I would like to (self) publish my second poetry book and I need an experienced editor to help me out with editing, proofreading, copywriting, content writing my book. English is not my native language, however, the book is in English. The main themes of the book are cosmic objects, love, deep inner experiences.	1
Editing/proofreading of 1,540 words article + extension to 3,000 words	"Hi all,

We are looking for an english native proofreader/editor to improve an existing blog post related to Pets (see attached) and extend it from 1,540 words to 3,000+ words. To be clear here is what we are looking for:

- Fix syntax, punctuation and grammatical errors from existing content
- Write an additional 1,500 words of content, keeping a relevant tone and the existing topic of the article
- The article should pass CopyScape and other plagiarism tools
- No rushed delivery, up to 7 days is acceptable
- Best quality at a competitive price

This is a test project, we have 100+ articles to proofread and extend like this, so please bid competitively :)

Thanks!

Cedric"	1
I need content writer for china dinnerware brand blog	We're online seller of fine china dinnerware. We just have our official website built up where we have a brand blog. We're looking for experienced writer to write some interesting and valuable content for our blog which we can share to our official social media channels.	1
Blockchain Articles	"I need you to write 3 articles on Blockchain topics-

 ""If Block Chain and AI had a baby, what would it look like?"" 

I think this address 2 interesting challenges; 1. Businesses don't really know WHY they should get started on block chain when they already have such complex environments, and 2. Business don't know HOW to get started in AI (perhaps other than calling IBM and asking for Watson). So, what does the combination mean and does it offer a compelling reason for both? 

What is the value of a Private Blockchain within one organization? 

What are alme new and innovative ways of using Blockchain? 


2 pages for each question  "	3
Business Research and Comparative writing	"I need some help with my business. Seeking a highly skilled individual to assist with knowledge sharing and report writting of the cooperative - Mondragon from an ethics perspective (Normative theory). 

Evidence of experience is required. English as a first language need only apply. 
Approximately 2 hours work."	1
Proofreading- English USA	I need a professional who can do proofreading, US English, i prefer Amaerica. 	2
Resume Creator	I'm looking for someone to take my resume and turn it into a job magnet. I've included my old one here, if you think you can make it better please tell me why this one is wrong and how you can make it better.	1
I need a grant writer	I am the CEO of a nonprofit pregnancy center and need a grant written. needs to be submitted by 4/25/18.	1
Resume Writing	Need a resume writer who can review my resume and write in again to make it more effective in the Australian market. I think it needs a complete overhaul :-)	1
financial institutional	"artical
should cover the origination/history of the organization, its purpose/major lines of business, its exposure and role in the financial crisis of 2008, any changes that came as a result of the crisis and recent developments or disposition."	5
US native Proofreader wanter 238 words	"Hello need to check to grammar, spelling errors small page
adult niche
Payment 12$
thank you"	1
Business Ethics	I need a report about a known ethical issue and how did the company deal with it, who did it effect, and what do I think about it and how should they solve it. I need it to be from 1500 word to 2000 max, not more than 10 days until due date.	5
Help me write something -- 10	I need you to write a research article. Role of digital media in shaping Obama care . ( 2000 words )	5
write a professional business proposal - 29/04/2018 15:21 EDT	"a draft will be provided , you're expected to edit , add more content and organize the proposal. 
I need 2 versions of the same proposal (details will be shared privately)  

DON'T bid if you're going to do the bare minimum . i expect a professional proposal"	2
Blog Articles about CPM scheduling and claims analysis for construction.	I need you to write some articles about CPM scheduling and claims analysis for construction. No automatic generated contents. I need someone who have some knowlege in construction project management or project management in general. For example, have PMP or PMI-SP.	5
write article	blog articles in English. I will provide guidance, topics and highlights	2
Write a professional resume for a esl English Teacher	I need someone to help design and write me a very professional looking and sounding resume.	1
Resume editing to deliver a stand-out, professional CV	I am a professional marketer and need my CV bringing to life to showcase my experience, creativity and business development skills. It is too wordy and repetitive at present and needs editing.	1
Blog post for a retire overseas website	"Hi, 

I want someone to write blog post for our website to help generate traffic. The website is [login to view URL] and we run tours for people to retire in Asia.

There will be around 1 blog post per week between 300-600 words about a cost of living or retiring in asia project.

Cheers
Kishen"	1
editor copy writer	I have drafted an article that requires editing and perhaps some copy writing to make it better. Probably about half hour if that with your natural skills.	1
proofreading	I write articles that I would like to publish and need to make sure there are no typos and the grammar is correct.	1
Create a formal letter to state	I need to create a short letter to a past client to convince them to use by services again. This letter is being sent to the state attorney general, so it has to read correct and be accurate. I need help with proper language and presentation.	1
Write an SEO content article for our website - Must Visit Mayan Ruins near Cancun	"We are [login to view URL]

We are an up and coming vacation rental company focusing on Hawaii, Mexico, and the Caribbean. We are looking for writers with experience writing content for the travel & vacation industry. Through this (and other) mini-projects we would like to find writers to continue working with on a more permanent basis. So, if the content submitted to us is engaging, original, and well written, we may be interested in hiring you for larger content projects in the future.

For this mini-project we require an article written about Must Visit Mayan Ruins near Cancun. 

The article should be 1000+ words long.  And the article should be written in ""US English"".

The target audience for this article is:
30-65 year olds
Married
Annual income bracket $50,000+ USD 
In other words; avoid topics like ""hostels"", ""spring break"", ""backpacking vacations"", et cetera (things that would not interest these demographics).

Content should include information about:
- a good example of what we are looking for can be found here: [login to view URL]
- The top ruins to visit while in Cancun.  This can be a ""top 5"" or ""top 10"" list type article.
- Be descriptive!  Describe WHY each ruin is a must see; what they have to offer that other do not, why would someone go out of their way to tour these ruins, ect.
Please be SPECIFIC in your content; give lots of details and use lots of description.  Citing outside sources for the information would not hurt either (you do not need to create the links, we can do that if you are unsure how).  

Here is a list of the top 10 articles, as ranked on google, for the keyword phrase ""Cancun Mayan Ruins"", to assist your research:
1. [login to view URL]
2. [login to view URL]
3. [login to view URL]
4. [login to view URL]
5. [login to view URL]
6. [login to view URL]
7. [login to view URL]
8. [login to view URL]
9. [login to view URL]
10. [login to view URL]

Keywords to be included in the body of the text: Mayan ruins, Quintana Roo, Yucatan, Cancun, Playa Del Carmen, vacation rentals

More SEO keyword phrases to consider (not required, but having a few of these phrases would be nice!):  
ek balam, mayan ruins in mexico, archaeological site, main pyramid, ruins of tulum, chichen itza, day trip, hours from cancun, mayan cities, unesco world heritage site, ancient mayan city, nohoch mul, full day, el rey, el castillo, cancun hotel zone, xel ha, temple of the warriors, caribbean sea, guided tour

Please do not forget to add a ""conclusion"" on your content (a paragraph at the end of the content summing up what was discussed in the main body content)."	1
Resume Writing	Hello. I have a current resume (written well). But I need to update to fit a different line of work. Can you assist? I can send the the job posting that I am trying to get. My resume (currently) is written for a manager of technology. What I need is for business development.	1
Photography website content	"Hi everyone,
I'm looking for a professional writer to create about me and landing pages for my photography website.

- Must be native English writer.
- Excellent wording skills.
- Knowledge of photography.

Please take a look at the rules of that type of writing before you bid:
[login to view URL]
[login to view URL]

Thank you all."	1
Help me write something	Help write a rebuttal letter to imigration services department to explain the inconsistency during the interview due to language barrier and memory retention limit! I have  drafted a letter with the explanation but i need a professional writer to make this letter look formal and professional.	1
Proofreading & Improving game dialog and additional text	"Hello,
we are looking for a native english speaker who has experience in proofreading and improving game dialogs and additional game related text. Only for experienced proofreaders with video game experience.

The attached file show the whole amount of text."	1
Write Some Articles for Me	"I need some articles written for my [login to view URL] should be professional and encouraging with some author\'s opinion so readers will respond and leave comments. The articles should be about interesting ideas and be original content.

Please message me if you have any questions,"	1
Write Articles for perfume eCommerce Blog	I need someone who can publish between 4 articles monthly on a blog about perfumes, the articles should be rich of SEO, and need to be attractive articles and not clone..	1
Copywriting for website	"Hi,
I am looking for someone who could writ perfect English texts for my website. Can you help me? I guess it neet between 3000 - 4000 words."	1
I need a content writer	I have a small online bussines (shop) that promote handmade and organic clothes and accessories. Our suppliers are people who work as a designers and small manufacturers from all over the world. We dont promote products from China or big manufactures, but only from people who love to create quality products. 	1
Content Writing	"1000 words 
CSR 
Quality work 
ASAP"	5
A bio/About/Company Description written for a creative Agency	"I am wanting a BIO/About/Company Description written up for me to use for my website. 

It should not be longer than a paragraph or two. It will need to be well written, creative and fun.

The Company is called: Bloom Creative Agency. (I would love to play around with the word bloom here and there in the About/Description of the company)

Company Tag Line: The heart of Media.

This is a brief explanation of the company , but I would like more meat on this/ it needs to be fuller. 

Bloom offers a combination of strategy, design, advertising and production services to its clients.
It is lead by creative professionals and is defined by three main factors: its services, employees and values.
​Bloom aims to create, maintain and evolve brands.

Thank you, 
A"	1
Rewrite 500 words in 1 hour	This is a simple rewrite project. I have 500 words that needs to be rewritten in 1 hour. this pays 750 INR.  so, Apply only if you can rewrite in 1 hour for 750 INR.	3
Ongoing web blog and web content writing	Looking for a native English writer who is familiar with massage therapy, traditional Chinese medicine, acupuncture etc. Write the blog and content for my website, make e-newsletter once every three months. 2 to 3 articles per month. Should be SEO friendly.	1
I would like to hire an Article Writer - Baby Photography	"I'm the owner of a small family business that does e-commerce.  I'm looking to create an ~20 page  ebook which I'm estimating at about 7500-7800 words in length.  
The Subject matter should be tips and tricks and how to successfully photograph newborns and babies.  
The audience for this book will be both professional photographers, some who photography babies already and many who don't typically, as well as parents of newborns, who would like to capture some great pictures of their new baby.
This ebook will be used as an incentive for people to sign up for my mailing list for baby photography products.

A few areas I think need to be covered include:
possible camera settings (perhaps this suggests one setting for the rookie photographer, and another for the pro.  (i.e. the rookie setting could be auto - portrait where the camera does the best settings for the situation.  The Pro could be, shutter speed of X.   Also cover indirect Lighting, avoiding build in flash from camera if possible.  Timing (When is the best time to photograph a baby - i.e. after a feeding is usually ideal as the baby will be sleepy), photographing when sleeping, and when awake.  Getting babies to smile.  (tricks, one I know of is if the baby has a pacifier, quickly remove it and put it by you and the baby will suddenly typically focus on what happened and where the pacifier went.  Take the photo, then return the pacifier.  You can usually do this 5-6 times for some really good shots.  Scott Kelby books are really good from a style and detail standpoint. (They may also have some great info)  Obviously I'm looking for an original work.
Looking for this to be completed in the next 2-3 weeks if at all possible. Thanks for your consideration."	1
I need a short pitch/press release about my app	I need to write a pitch/press release about my app. covering who we are, why we did it, the problem it solves, the different aspects of the app, the goals we have in mind, where we look to go with it from here.	1
Require a blog writer	I require a blog writer to write blog for wedding dress website, 1-2 article per month, topic will be provided but the person needs to be good at SEO, keyword search.	1
Write a script for a one-minute explainer video for a technology company	"Hi, we are a video agency producing animated videos for companies looking to explain their product or services. 

In this case we need a script for a traditional explanation video, with a length of about one-minute (± 100 - 130 words) that explains a technological service.

Please let me know your price and if possible give some example of previous work. Looking forward to finding someone for continued collaboration."	1
Help me write something	need a personal editor to fix and edit my personal statement.	5
Create content for my internship website	"I'm creating a new company based on recruiting summer/winter short term interns from Korea, China, Japan, and other foreign countries. I need about 8-10 pages of content for the company website. 

Content should be original, and be attractive to potential university partners, intern candidates and companies willing to hire interns. 

Websites for similar services: 
[login to view URL]
[login to view URL]
[login to view URL]
[login to view URL]"	1
Cover letter for job application - with likely more projects offerred to the right person	"I am applying for a property manager postion and would like help with writing the perfect 1 to 2 page cover letter which will be sent in with my resume. The letter must shine so that it takes me to the next level of the recruitment process. If you have experience with writing top notch cover letters, please contact me.
The strictest of confidence is essential, and a description of the job advertisement and resume will be provided to assist with the letter writing.
This is a fixed USD15 project to write a professional job application cover letter only. The right person will get ongoing cover letter writing projects until I gain successful employment!"	1
Resume Edit	I have created this resume & am looking for professional expertise to improve anything that will increase chance of getting selected for interviews etc.	1
Marketing Essay -- 2	I need you to write a research article.	5
create a professional resume	"I need someone how can make a professional resume and CV to get a job here in the US
I graduated from Bussiness administration my Major is "" Accounting""
 I need it to looks good for the recruiters"	1
Website Content Writing  for IT Service Desk	"We are looking for a website content writer in the IT space with experience writing around Service Desk or Technical Support - ITIL Operations exposure or knowledge would be helpful.

5 pages or so"	1
Write 20 articles on health, fitness and wellness	"We are a physiotherapy clinic and Pilates studio, and need 20 blog articles relating to our industry on our website. Topics could include:
- Why physiotherapy is important before and after surgery
- How Physiotherapy and Pilates is a good combination for rehabilitation
- How Pilates can help back pain
- Difference between yoga and Pilates
- Pain management
- General topics around exercise, wellness and nutrition"	1
Write description of our product on website	We are looking for a great writer to write an amazing description of our product using the keywords we provide to optimize SEO.(THIS IS NOT SEO WORK) We are looking for someone who can write the contents.	1
Resume Writing	I am an International Policy Analyst with over 10 years of experience and I have moved to the US for a Job that I am thinking about leaving. I need to redo my CV for two job applications with multilateral institutions on monday. I need help to make it more accomplishments and skill focused. Attached is the CV I already heve.	1
Content Writer for our Restaurant Client	"We are looking for an SEO capable content writer for a local restaurant. Content must be unique and native to the location.

Their old site is a flash site and the content is very thin. We will share the site with our freelancer so they can have some sort of an idea of the place. Just know that the content on the restaurant is very thin. 

We need content for the following (and are open to your suggestions):

Home Page (1000 words minimum)
Steakhouse (500-600 words minimum)
Seafood (500-600 words minimum)
Sports Bar (500-600 words minimum)
About Us (500-600 words minimum)"	1
Write an Article for Website	I need someone to write a short article for my website.	1
Homepage Copywriter	"I am looking for an excellent copywriter to create the copy for my homepage.  We need help converying our service and benefits in a succinct way, this is where you come in!

please take a look at [login to view URL] and feel free to chat so we can give more details.  Must be a native English speaker ideally from the UK (The copy must be in UK English)."	1
Review CV, cover letter and job description for academic position	"Hi, 
I need someone with strong expertise and experience in this area to review my already written cv and cover letter, and just provide feedback and some recommendations for improvement. I consider myself a strong writer, but just want a second set of eyes to review (with this type of specific experience). I would not expect this to take more than 1 hour, as this does not require creating anything from scratch. 

I am looking for someone who has at least several years of experience in resume and cover letter writing. If interested, please send a proposal of the cost as well as any helpful information about your resume writing experience. 

Thanks!"	1
Copy - Paste from site and write content 	"I have uploaded 8 research studies on my wordpress site,can you transfer them to word document and include the content for each study,at the end I need all of them 8 copies in word document and PDF,All of them should be in Harvard style and standard, Note that I don’t have word copy only on site!
"	5
COPY WRITER	I HAVE A MEDICAL WEBSITE. I HAVE A DRAFT OF WHAT I WANT TO SAY BUT WOULD LIKE TO REFINE IT WITH AN EXPERT COPY WRITER. there are approximately 5 pages of A4 text	1
Content writer for leading Australian tech product retailer	"We are seeking a passionate, confident, SEO savvy and professional content writer to produce a series of 5 initial articles / blogs for us (from 500 to 2000 words each). 

All articles will need to be well researched and suitable for an Australian market. They will be checked for plagiarism and all references should be included.

After this initial series, we'd be looking to maintain a long-term relationship with the right writer, and produce one blog / article per week, if topics ideas can be agreed, plus case studies and more.

Our website is at: [login to view URL]

This will give you a good idea of the products / subjects you'd be writing about.

A couple of the first content ideas are:
1. How to future-proof your house when renovating or building. (This is from a networking and cabling perspective)
2. What are the differences between Cat 5e, Cat 6 and Cat 7?

Please provide your rate for on-going work and samples of appropriate work."	1
Article Post	I am here looking for someone who can post something for me.	3
Create a list of Vietnam tourist attractions and their 30-40 words descriptions	"[login to view URL] is travel portal for tourist to self organize their local trips.
Tourists see a list of local tourist attractions wit pictures and descriptions. They select what they would like to visit by car,  when and after a while they got number of offers from drivers and guides.
We need a list of Vietnam attractions to be added to tripamigos. Please see [login to view URL] for examle of Bali attractions and [login to view URL] for Rajasthan attractions.To be more precise we need 150 best Vietnam tourist attractions with unique content."	1
Need an article	Need an article. The topic is for you to choose, however it should be about law and blockchain or about UK Law Commission Starts Major Smart Contract Scoping Study	5
3 Threats faced by the technologies and the respective strategies used to secure them	I need you to write a research article.	5
project proposal	"I need someone who can help me to write land award proposal to government for agriculture purpose.

1. we plan to apply 40acres of agriculture land

2. we plan to plant fast harvest plant like vegetable, fruit (research on fast harvest plant is needed to convince government) 

3. stated some reason of why government should reward the said land to us. (E.g increase working opportunity)

our land requiremtns 
1. 40acres or above
2. near liver stream 
3. flat land"	1
News Release Article Writer	"I manage a small  digital marketing firm and I am loooking for an article writer who can create news release articles to be published on abc, cbs, nbc and fox news affiliate sites via press release.

We would prefer the articles be news worthy topics where our clients are featured/quoted as an expert on the subject.

We need the news release article writer to help come up with ideas and angles for each article.

It would be an added bonus if you are familiar with divvyhq content management platform.

Thank you"	1
Write me a great blog article	"I am launching a new medical reviews website and would like to publish blogs on the website regularly. I am looking for 2-3 blog writers with clear, grammatically-perfect written English skills to deliver 7-8 blog articles every month. The blogs should be written in an easy, conversational tone that readers find interesting and informative. The subjects will vary from medical topics to health and lifestyle. All blog content needs to be original content, written and published exclusively on our blog. 

Please bid/pitch for this project If you are able to deliver 7-8 blog articles per month on a long-term basis. Our budget is $35 per article. 

I would like to start with 1 article to identify the right contributors for this long-term project. First Blog Article topic: 5 Risks Women Face When They Don't Get Regular Health Check-Ups (700-800 words)"	1
Academic writing, article section writing, literature review for scientific research papers	I need a professional writer who can quickly compose a high-quality introduction and literature review section for academic research papers. Topics are in neurobiology and medical imaging. The typical length of a chapter - 400-700 words. Absolutely plagiarism-free (that will be checked electronically), with a full bibliography and naturally in good academic English. Task will require full access to PubMed sources.	5
Help with Research	Help researching and writing a 75 page Research paper. This project is important to me because I plan on starting my own business and need this to be thoroughly completed.	1
i need a copywriter	"Need a copywriter to look at some pages of our website and rewrite in a more strong manner the content of some pages of the website.
i don't know how much it is yet, but some pages are already finished and need just to be rewritten and checked."	1
Report of 2500 words	"Report of 2500 words on any local company from Australia with a strategic analysis 

Hello freelancers,

I need one report asap but not for the higher bidders. Small project small budget.
I need to write a strategic analysis report of 2500 words. This report should demonstrate that has thoroughly researched their topic. The freelancer should use examples of business practice from the scholarly journals papers, conferences, books and professional magazines from an Australian background to support their arguments. The strategic analysis will be on a local company from Australia. The report consists of two parts and should cover the following requirements:  
 PART 1  (External analysis) 

1. Business background 
2. What industry is it?  
3.	General environment analysis (economic, physical, sociocultural, global, technological, political/legal and demographic – and work out what the important facts are). 
4.	The industry environment ((i.e., supplier power, buyer power, potential entrants, substitute products and rivalry among competitors) and explain briefly what is significant for each). 
5.	Competitive environment (Is there a strategic group that you need to take account of? What is the rivalry like in this group? What capabilities do the relevant firms have? What strategies do they follow? What threats do they represent?) 
6.	Opportunities and threats 

PART 2 (Internal analysis and proposal) 
1.	The firm’s resources, tangible and intangible 
2.	Capabilities identification (explain the capabilities carefully to indicate what the firm really does.) 
3.	Core competency analysis (For each capability, indicate which of the four tests for a core competency it meets).  
4.	Propose a suitable information system solution that meets the chosen company needs. 
5.	Evaluate the proposed system and provide your recommendations"	5
security principle case study	"This continuous assessment activity will be based on the following case study:
Verizon 2017, Data Breach Digest: Perspective is Reality, 'An Executive Doxxing Match', pp. 21-22, [login to view URL]
Answer the following questions in relation to the case study:
1.	Describe the attack that occurred according to the ontological components specified in Mouton et al (2016).
2.	Propose and justify potential mitigations for this type of attack, with consideration of people, process and technology factors.
3.	Discuss key elements of a response plan for this type of attack, with consideration of people, process and technology factors.
Mouton, F, Leenen, L and Venter, H S 2016, ‘Social engineering attack examples, templates and scenarios’, Computers & Security, vol. 59, pp.186-209.


HARVARD REFERENCING STYLE.
TOTAL 1000 WORDS (CAN BE +10%)"	5
Digital Art (Projection Mapping) Research	I would need someone who is reliable and have the knowledge in Digital Art (Project Mapping) to write for me a research paper. If you're keen, I would send you the criteria required.  The deadline is in about 10 days.	5
Write a report that describes laptop/desktop	Please see attached file for details	5
Glocalisation	Essay writing on Glocalisation, globalisation.....	5
information systems 	I need you to write some content for case study about information systems and digital firms 	5
Company Report	"Select a business around RMIT campus (The bean Project) and to provide the senior management of that company with a detailed report analysing and recommending appropriate Digital Marketing strategies.

This option is a more traditional piece of business writing. In this task, you are required to select a small or medium-sized business (SME) of your choice, then write a business report, analysing and recommending appropriate Digital Marketing strategies. The intended audience for this report is the senior management of the company that you have selected - assume that the reader has limited knowledge of current Digital Marketing trends. Although not a requirement, you are strongly encouraged to be in direct contact with the business you are writing for."	5
Help me write something	I need you to write a research article. Servant leadership is better than model of leadership	5
Answers to the questions( Essay type)	I need you to write answers to the questions..	5
I need a writer	"Hi, I am a student from Czech Republic and applying for Australian univeristy.  I need to get done the Genuine Temporary Entrant - Intention Letter for my visa application.

I need to answer on those 6 quesitons, on each question by atleast 100 words:

Please explain why did you decide to come to Australia.*

Why did you choose to study in Australia instead of studying in your home country?*

Why did you chose to study this course at this school?

If you have prviously studied in Australia or in your home country, how does this new course relates with your previous studies or professional background?

How will this course help you once you go back to your home country? How will this course benefit your future career goals?*

What are your motivations to go back to your home country after finishing this course? Please mention family, social and financial ties to your home country. Do you have any job offer or business plan? Please explain and if possible please provide documents supporting the statement.*"	5
E Book Project	I have been writing short articles on railways to a few rail journals and now wish to collate these articles and have them published in electronic format hopefully in Amazon.com. I need to have my manuscript formatted to fit in with Amazon's requirements.	1
english project	"read the attached opinion piece from the ""Grade Point"" column published 9/17/17 in the Washington Post. After reading it carefully, compose a response (1,000 words, max) that could be sent to the author, Jeffrey Selingo,"	4
review in internal corporate governance and audit quality	LR in internal corporate governance and audit quality	5
CV reshape	"Looking for a job and need someone to help with my CV rewritten. 
Not sure how to includ the right words and sentences. 
Not been in the market for almost 2 years now (had a baby) must put best chances on the right cv shape."	1
management powerpoint project	management research project. You will select a company and follow that company for the entire semester and give 3 presentation analytical reviews  on business elements of that organization.	5
About me page /Privacy page	"My business is a personal coaching business. I am a Life and Success coach and would like to share my story and influence people to come to me for their coaching needs. 

I would like to help people in transition points, mindset work, and with their careers.  I am also looking for a privacy page.

I need someone to write content for my new page on my website. 
It will be about my story and what got me to be a life coach and what i would like to offer people

Its a personal coaching business that focuses on Life coaching and business success

I know what i want to say but i dont know how to put it in words and make it attract clients"	1
Book report on “Move fast and Break things”	"Looking for a book report written on the about the book 
Move Fast and Break Things: How Facebook, Google, and Amazon Cornered Culture and Undermined Democracy. 
 Must be 1200 words or more.  4 subtopics- 300 words each.
Due Sunday September 23, 2018"	5
Data mining Report Writing	"Must have vast knowledge in Data mining 
Literature Review of Application of data mining in health/medical area .
Proper citation and APA style format."	5
Article about happiness	everything is in the attachment	5
Write a two page paper -- 2	"Search the Internet for IT governance planning. Select a specific governance plan that exists at a company or a plan framework from an organization. Write a 2-page paper on three or four of the most important suggestions from the plan you select.
Your paper should be 2 pages in length. You need to provide a minimum of two references and need to use APA format in the reference section.
12 font size, 1” margins, double-spaced"	5
Film review	"a review for a ( Grave of the Fireflies ) which discuss issues such as national identity, cultural globalization and popular culture 

include 
- introduction: intro the film show, point out the key concept to be discussed in the review, (also point out the significance, maybe box office number ? - or is it a widely overlooked film - justify ur choice )
- integrate the plot summary somewhere here 
- body: arguments: use different example from the film / show for different aspects of the concept (2-4 parts will be fine ) 
- Conclusion: ur own judgement in light of the film/ show in light of the concepts
( no academic style ) (no references needed)  
1500 wds"	5
Rewrite and edit management and leadership short article	I have written a short presentation that requires rewriting and editing in proper business english	1
Write a reflection paper	This project needs to be a reflection of a gender role and identity theory named the Social Learning Theory. This project should be between 550 and 650 words. The format is APA and should have at least one reference.	5
Academic writer for long article	Hello, I’m looking for an academic writer who can translate my thoughts onto paper. Does that make sense? I’ll message you for more information.	3
Small report based on provided content	I need you to draft a small report based on the key points provided in the document that is attached. The overall objective is organise the provided key points, improve the English and produce the same in a report format.	5
Association Rule Mining  report	"Write about Association Rule Mining (ARM) algorithms, their inability to mine numerical data without first converting them into categorical ones. Discuss its issue and critically review at least two important research articles. Identify a publicly available dataset for ARM. Evaluate and explain the chosen dataset.
Construct an ARM model by applying an appropriate ARM node. ( Required to know IBM SPSS Modeler)"	5
psychology of business decisions resumee	"Consider how gender equality in the workplace can increase productivity. Include
the socio-psychological aspects of gender issues in the workplace and its
consequences."	5
Data Centre Analysis	A financial research analysis about SEA data centre industry (Singapore, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Thailand), case study for (GDS, STT GDC, peer comparison of Citic Telcom & China Mobile for data center sector) , 1500 - 3000 words in English 	5
Organizational Structure	I need someone to adjust the companies job descriptions and organizational structure	1
I would like to hire a Resume Writer	"Information technology domain 
Sales & Pre Sales manager"	1
"Literature about (Theory of Reasoned Actions ""TRA"")"	"Literature about (Theory of Reasoned Actions ""TRA"")

- 20 pages.
- Good quality writing.
- To include the history and the development of the theory (in max 5 pages).
- To include the theory model (diagram).
- Prober Referencing & Citation (Inline citation & End reference).
- From international journals IEEE, SCOPUS, ...
- No Wikipedia.
- Used sources to be included as attachments.
- Plagscan is 8% Max, Plagscan report to be included."	5
proofread and editing service for academic essay	1200 words essay to be finished editing in less than 24 hours	5
essay writing - 30/09/2018 08:46 EDT	explore various theories to analyze and develop a treatment strategy in counselingthe paper must be at least 3500 words and maximum 4000. I will share the specific details of the assignment through discussion.Thanks and appreciate the help 	5
blog article	"Managing Shrink – how IoT can help manage product loss, XX ways to reduce/manage shrink, shrink as it relates to hurricane Florence or other timely topics, etc.

References
Transportation and Logistics<[login to view URL]> (industry page on our site): Improve efficiency, safety, customer service, and compliance with SmartSense.

Supply Chain Visibility<[login to view URL]> (solution page on our site): Gain end-to-end visibility into fleet management with SmartSense. Real-time monitoring solutions improve FSMA compliance management with proof of inventory temperature throughout the cold chain. Improve driver protocol and eliminate manual processes with automated monitoring solutions.

Supply Chain Brochure<[login to view URL]> (gated content): Consistent and accurate temperature monitoring of the entire transport chain is required by the Food Safety Modernization Act (FSMA). SmartSense wirelessly measures air temperature at the point of product in the trailer to deliver precise temperature visibility throughout transit, and serves as an independent audit of the onboard refrigeration system. Using GPS tracking and nested geo-fences, SmartSense triggers custom alerts and notifications to simplify and automate compliance and product quality reporting.

Example Blog Posts

  *  The Amazon Effect: How Customer Expectations Have Impacted the Supply Chain<[login to view URL]> – lifestyle post
  *  Autonomous Trucking and the Importance of Fleet Management<[login to view URL]> – lifestyle post
  *  Pharmaceutical Cold Chain Optimization: WHO’s Plan to Improve Access for Vaccines and Medications<[login to view URL]> – we attended a tradeshow and wanted to post relevant content (see the Cold Chain Global Forum<[login to view URL]> for more info on the show)"	1
Write an article and create brochure for Information Technology Manage Service provider company	I need someone with technical and creative writing skills to write MSP (Manage Service Provider, Information Technology) article and create brochure for further download by clients. The article need to be at least 550-600 words explaining benefits of MSP, when is the good time to consider to get a MSP company involved, what are the benefits of MSP for SMB and Enterprise/Large corporations and why our company is the right choice for such services. At the end of article create call to action to call or email us and create verbal linkage between article and further downloadable brochure where reader could learn what are the marks for business to consider MSP. so they can register and download this free brochure. Brochure need to be at least 2200-2400 words with pictures and nicely formatted. I will provide sample for both documents for reference and get proper idea to you. Both articles and brochures need to be written in combination technical and literature writing to attract and captivate reader, not dry with technical terms, with nice flow to read, would be nice to have some short data in brochure to show growth of MSP services.	1
Paraphrasing for Journal Submission	"I would like to my paper para-phrased for the journal submission.
Words count is 2500 with Figure, Tables,  and Title pages.

I have already many experience of submitting journal. 
I hope ""para-phrasing"" rather than proof reading.  The paper was already checked by ""Grammarly software"".

I hope 30-50$."	5
write me an argumentation essay	"I need a research ""argumentation essay"" this essay is related to IT and information, including aspects for leading, managing, and coordinating work processes. The paper should be well-structured, written in an argumentative style, and based on the course literature. Further information on content and format for the paper is given in the attachment below."	5
research proposal	i need to write research proposal for business study	5
Strategic Entrepreneurship analysis	"Develop business models 
2.1 Define customer segment
2.2 Business model for the idea
2.2 Business model for selling the license

Development of the idea 
3.1 Mock-ups
3.2 Analysis of workflow

Planning implementation"	4
I need a writer to write my scholarship essay	"Please state educational and career goals and the reason for choosing your major (Mechanical Engineering). Limit to 120 80–character lines.
You may enter up to 120 80-character lines MAXIMUM for this essay."	5
ENTERPRISE ARCHITECTURES	"Introduce the case related to Enterprise Architecture (EA), and discuss how the documentation framework in the case is different from the EA3 cube framework.
Approximately 1500 words
Reference style: Chicago."	5
Research Paper about: Stress Management ; Individual & Organizational and how its related to organizational behaviour	"Research Paper about: Stress Management ; Individual & Organizational and how its related to organizational behaviour 


Research Paper outline 

•	Title 
•	Abstract 
•	Introduction 
•	Literature review 
•	Research problem 
•	Methodology 
•	Results 
•	Conclusion and recommendations
•	References 

Note: Project can be between 25 - 30 paper.
A4 Paper , time new roman font , 12 scale."	5
MANAGING HUMAN RESOURSES	"~ Title page 
report title, author name/number, submission date (not part of word limit)

~ Executive summary 
Report overview and summary of the aim, findings and recommendations – this is placed BEFORE the content page. (not part of word limit)

~ Table of contents 
List of numbered sections, including page numbers. (not part of word limit)

~ Introduction (terms of reference)                                                                                             
- The organisational context that discussion will be applied to and a brief outline of the topics and context investigated. Also explain who will the result be presented to.

~ Main body (Often referred to as the Analysis and Findings)
- Critical review of key topics or themes – In depth discussion to explain the key topic areas outlined in the specification above. This section must be informed and supported by appropriate secondary research to build the discussions and arguments and also highlight the key strengths or gaps in any particular authors perspectives.                                                               

Considering analysis and finding in this section discuss the best practice that could be considered for your chosen organisation. All recommendations must be informed by secondary data and additional research information to underpin your suggestions.        

(make use of appropriate headings and sub-headings here and consider  a mix of narrative and diagrammatic formats where appropriate to present findings.)

~ Conclusion – A clear summary of the information you reviewed in the main body of the report.     

~ Reference list/ Bibliography – A completed list of all sources used in the Harvard Referencing Style as outlined in the University guidelines. (not part of word limit)

~ Appendices (if used) – eg. information supporting / enhancing the discussions in the body but not essential to its explanation. (not part of word limit)"	5
research writing	Hello i need someone to write me a research about marketing. I have already chosen the topic. For the topic deadlines and all other details you can inbox me	5
Executive Resume and Cover Letter	"Facelift to an existing resume + prepare a cover letter.

Mandatory, experienced executive CV writing. Advantage for someone who worked as/with HR department in HighTech industry."	1
3 page double space research 	I need you to write a research article. which is double space 3 pages. Related to labor law	5
I need blogs written	"Need someone who has professional writing experience to write blogs for my website.
Website is [login to view URL]
The posts I need to be written are lifestyle, marketing, and product-specific sometimes."	1
sport training programme for semi professional footballer 	2000 words. needs to be done in 10 days. fitness programme for a football player. identify the physiological determinant of fitness. appropriate methods to improve physical fitness. power(peak anaerobic power). focusing on physiological training not nutrition or psychology. scientific references needed at least 15 scientific journals. clients details; 24 years old male 77 kg 1.79 m height. semi professional footballer. more details will be given.	1
Small Business Enterprise	Case study on AMOY hotel	5
Material Science Essay Sample	We need an experienced essay writer to draft a 2500-word essay sample.	5
Francis Fuller Victor's River of the West	For this first short writing assignment of perhaps two pages, apply some of the theories about the Pacific Northwest found in our introductory readings to Frances Fuller Victor's The River of the West. How does her serialized novel about heroic mountain men pertain to the idea that the Pacific Northwest is a product of empire building? What is the relationship between the ideology of empire and the characterization of this one person in her novel?	5
Environmental impact assessment/EMS	Need help in a 1600 words essay 	5
Report on Application of Data Mining in Health/Medical Area	Discuss the purpose, background, general concepts and trends related to the topic. Describe 3 references that are relevant to your topic. Include details of how the data (or text) mining process is performed and also relevant conclusion and benefits. Use the CRISP-DM framework here for both data and text mining topics. Must know how to use IBM SPSS Modeler(v18.0) or IBM SPSS Statistics.	5
Privacy Issues on Social Media	"Privacy Issues in Social Media -I want a thorough Executive Summary that focuses on Privacy Issues of Social Media. Focus on Major Social Media Platforms like Facebook, Netflix, Instagram, Twitter etc.

I want to use five sources of information that identify the problems. All articles must have a commonality and a common problem. I must engage in Higher level of thinking(Masters Level). You must also use Peer Reviews and Academic Databases. Must all be cited.
Go to Database and get peer review articles ( No Newspaper articles). Must Have an overview/background,Privacy Analysis, Major Issues/Patterns/Trends, Marketing/Advertising, Summary,consequences, conclusions, recommendations.

questions to be answered:
•	Who will read your executive summary? 
•	What is the main document’s main topic, theme, or idea? 
•	What is the “purpose” of the main document? 
•	Are there sections, or divisions, within the document?
•	Does the document make a recommendation or suggest a certain course of action? 
•	What are the benefits or consequences of this course of action?"	5
Mini essay and pictures	Hi I am looking for someone to look for items that are meaningful to my life and write a description of how it affects my life and how much its part of me in less than 2 hours	5
Travel content writer wanted	"I need you to write articles on travel subject.

Each article is for a website content and mainly for SEO purpose so must contain a specific word. 1500 characters per article. Mostly will be articles about particular countries.

I need several articles to start with and there will be more to write gradually over the next few months so if I’m happy there is a high chance of rehire. 

Please give me your price per article. 

Native speakers will be considered only.

Thanks "	1
Web content creator / Experienced copywriter needed for the website	"We are [login to view URL], web platform for marketers and developers, specialized in cloud communication solutions. 
We are looking for highly skilled native English web content writer, in order to re-write the content of our website. You will be responsible for creating and adjusting the content for new landing pages. It is really important that the copywriter has a tech background and SEO knowledge. 
If you see yourself doing, send us an application and afterward, we will send you an assessment page to check thoroughly your skills.

After the initial project, we would like to have a long-term co-operation with the assigned freelancer."	1
Research 18 Answers related to social entrepreneurship in egypt	"I need to you research answers and sources to 18 questions linked to social entrepreneurship in Egypt. Each answer needs to be backed up by a reliable source which can be quoted. The questions can be found in the attached xls-file.

The final document does not need any proofreading or special formatting. It will be used as a reference material for further research. So answers and sources within the excel-file are sufficient."	5
critical analysis	critical analysis of the reading Kübler-Ross, “On the Fear of Death”	5
Rephrasing my papers	my the attached papers are part of my research work for master degree.	5
Mobile games: Business Value Vs Ethical Issues	I need you to write a report for something.	5
Magazine Article	Please read attachments. Persuasive project. 3- 4 pages. Feel free to ask any questions	5
creative essay writing	"I would like some help in creative essay writing at high school level

It is a mock up interview - about 10 pages"	5
Case Study Survey	"You will have a written 17 page case analysis based on a Harvard Business Review (HBR) case.  Your Survey should include an identification of the major issues involved, your analysis of the issues and problems, and your recommendations on what the characters involved should do – and why.  More suggestions on analyzing the case will be provided.

The Survey is in a paper format that should be around 5-6 pages in length."	5
Marketing Research	"I'm looking for a research analyst to perform research and prepare an analytical summary.  The research topic would be:
Research sites / online tools that provide project management and software development templates for small businesses
How many sites are out there that provide such services
How much of the market is taken vs. who has most of the activity for downloading project specific documents
Is a login required?
Is a minimum purchased required?
Is it a small business or does it only offer enterprise support?

Please create a spreadsheet of companies analyzed and a powerpoint of the summary of information learned."	3
Writing Project	I need someone to write 4 pages in English for me. MLA format.	5
Assignment management report	Writing and defining management in accounting	5
International operation management	"-few open question
-0 plagiarism
- based on a given passage"	5
Complete me a report/Assigment/Essay	I have an assigment due on 7th November, 1000 words. the assigment is about sneaker market in the US. More information will be provide later on.	5
I need to know about KM implementation	I need to know about KM implementation. I need insight into how a knowledge management program is implemented. The analysis will incorporate fundamental concepts about tacit knowledge capture (learning by being told, learning by observing, vicarious learning, experiential learning, inferential processes), explicit knowledge codification, knowledge sharing, and communities of practice into the analysis. The document to be analyzed is posted.	5
Are anticholinergic drugs useful for treatment of overactive bladder syndrome? (Discuss their advantages and disadvantages by focusing on their mechanism of action in various tissues)	"Your poster should include the following: 

1.	Introduction- Your introduction needs to set the scene and should include some background information about the subject area.  Define the issue!
The introduction should give a brief background of the topic you are discussing/presenting in your poster. The reader needs to very quickly understand why you chose this general topic (why is it important?) and get general background information. Depending on your chosen title, your introduction MAY include some of the following information:
•	Disease– Description of the disease/condition? Why is this disease/ condition important (e.g. information about the prevalence, costs associated with treatment of patients, issues with the quality of life of patients , etc. )
•	Drug targets/ mode of action of the drug - what is the drug(s) looking to treat, what are the main cellular targets and why are they important? (What is the mechanism of action of drug(s) you are interested in?) Are there any additional targets that could be potentially explored? If yes then why? How is the drug delivered? Pharmacokinetics of the drug and side effects.
If you want to include additional subheadings in this section you will not be penalised.

2.	Aims- What is (are) the aim (s) of your study? What is the key research question? Your introduction needs to lead the reader to your aims. 


3.	Key findings- What are your main findings/ conclusions/take home messages from your poster?  


4.	Presentation-
The poster should be able to stand on its own as a clear, logical presentation of the subject you have chosen, without the need for a vocal explanation.
You can use either MS Word or PowerPoint to create your poster – I recommend PowerPoint, easier to create posters. 

Use fonts that are easy to read (such as Times New Roman, Garamond, and Arial)

Include text and figures to highlight key points about your poster. Remember posters are a visual way of presenting information rapidly.
Find the right balance between text and diagrams/figures. Try not to make you poster too wordy. Be concise, maybe a good diagram or picture can convey your message much easier.

Avoid jagged edges: left-justify text within text boxes or fully justify blocks of text

Choose colours carefully and pay attention to contrast.  If in doubt, dark print on light background is best. 

Organize and align your content with columns, sections, headings, and blocks of text

White space is important to increase visual appeal and readability (this is the “empty” space between sections, columns, headings, blocks of text, and graphics).

Avoid fuzzy images; make sure all graphics are high-resolution (at least 300ppi) and easily visible

Edit your poster carefully for typographic or grammatical mistakes and image quality before submission

There is no word count for your poster but you can only use one side of a single page (as a guide 800 words should be sufficient).
All figures and tables should be labelled clearly with a clear legend and should be cited in the poster.
All references should be listed and also cited in the poster. 

5.	References - Use references to support statements. Use the Harvard referencing style."	5
research work	Summarize strategic priorities of Nike and Adidas in US Sneaker Market, including their approach to issues of sustainability and/or corporate social responsibility.	5
Need help in writing a research report in challenges and opportunities of BIG DATA in certain industry	"Need help in writing a research report in challenges and opportunities of BIG DATA in certain industry.

Using journal articles from Australia Business Dean Council(ABDC) as reference"	5
Event Marketing	"(World Travel Market 2017)

•	You are required to evaluate an event in terms of the marketing development and implementation.
•	You must focus on one particular event of your choice that will critically analyze.
•	Your assignment should demonstrate an understanding of the theory and dynamic role of marketing in the event sectors.
•	You should identify the appropriate tools used in the event selected."	5
traditional  accounting information system	Read the article and determine main points then write 10 pages about these points the topic is 3.8 period in the article	5
personal statement	I need a original personal statement for applying to UK university to study specifically accountancy and finance or accountancy and business management, undergraduate degree, must be between 1000 and 4000 characters.	5
2 Articles Writing and 1 Essay analysis	"Part1: Summarize 2 articles : 
-	Article 1 – “Globalization”
-	Article 2 – “Towards a Learning Organization: The Strategic Learning Blocks”
Conditions:
- Every article size must not be more than 1/3 of the article size with nothing less than 1,200 words.
-  Rephrase but don't include any similar words or sentences.
Structure should be:
1 - Abstract (have one or two sentences) 
2 - Introduction / background ( should be five or six sentences collated in one paragraph)
3 - Objective(s) of the study
4 - Methodology
5 - Results/analysis/interpretation/conclusion


Part2: Critical Essay Analysis writing
""Effect of the 4th industrial revolution on the employment market""
- 1,200 words
- no plagiarism
- any referral must be noted and included by the end of the essay

Deadline: 15th November 2018"	5
I would like to hire a PowerPoint Designer	I wrote a 7 page paper on Malware, and have to create a powerpoint to go with it. The key points of the paper I wrote.	5
Content Re-Write	"I have some erb content I need re-written to be seo friendly 

5- 300 word articales 

Let me know turn around time please"	1
Report on Person-of-theTherapist	Address the issue(s) of the “person-of-the-therapist” in the application of these common factors of change, and therapeutic model(s) for a clinical case of your choice.	5
Artifical intelligence economical negativity 	"Is the artifical intelligence the future of legal practice in the 21st century?

6 slides talking about the negativity of economical artifical intelligence

Please use newspaper amd articles for references

-Oscola reference style used please 

- i would like to have the websites used sent to me as well
"	5
system security report	build a challenge and fix the error and do a report.	5
negotiation	"8-12 pages excluding items 1, 2, 10
1.	cover page
2.	TOC
3.	introduction/background
4.	negotiation parities 
5.	each party negotiation power, strategy, agenda, interests, expectations
6.	negotiation process from each side
7.	negotiation results
8.	outcome/conclusion
9.	recommendations, what would you have done differently
10.	references"	5
Small Research	"Hello, 
I am looking for experts in research to conduct a research on the history of the theory of crisis communications. It is a small research and I will share details on chat. Thank you."	5
Report Writing	Discuss any two issues below that have occurred with two separate organisations that you are familiar with. The information must be historical.	5
writing about teaching in universities	"I need to reflective writing - 3000 words about
1- design learning activities
2- teaching
3- assessments
4- learning environments
5- professional development in education 
I need 5 references and I have examples to be included in what? why? how? style"	5
write 7 to 10 pages	write 7 to 10 pages in Medical regulations	5
Airline operations new	"FARs 121 regulations 
and also"	5
Essay about Globalization and Protectionism - 4/5 pages long APA style 	I need you to write a research article.	5
Write a research paper for Development Psychology Topic	"Paper Option #1 Nature/Nurture
Developmental science focuses on the various contributions to development, and whether they lean toward the genetic side of things (nature) or environmental (nurture). Choose from one of the following topics discussed in the modules:


Child obesity
Eating disorders
Adolescent depression
For this paper, review the module material on your specific topic. Then, write a paper describing in detail the “nature” (primarily genetic, inherited) contributions to this condition as well as the “nurture” contributions. You will need to conduct internet research and cite the sources to obtain additional information on your topic. For example, explaining the inherited reasons for a child to be obese will require that you visit, read, summarize, and cite medical sites on the internet. It is crucial that you rephrase material in your own words and cite it or put phrases from the sources in quotation marks and cite it. No more than a few sentences should be directly quoted, however, in order for you to receive credit for writing this paper (in other words, no credit is given for a paper that is a string of other people’s quotes). As a general rule of thumb, at least 1.5 pages should focus on ""Nature"" contributions to the issue at hand and at least 1.5 pages should focus on ""Nurture"" contributions.

Your research must include at least 2 journal articles or books. That is, websites can be very helpful and informative, but your final paper must include full, published research articles or books on the topic. Sources should be reputable and consistent with what you learned in the module as well as other sources. GoogleScholar and PDF articles from the internet can be helpful resources. Make sure you use good search terms when trying to find articles. You may want to start broad (for example, “Bystander effect”) and then narrow to your particular area. This paper requirement means that you need to include at least two primary sources in your paper; articles from the internet can be included, but they would be in addition to the two minimum primary sources. Primary sources are firsthand accounts; thus, they involve the author writing about his or her own work.

It is recommended that you spend at least a page and a half discussing “nature” for this topic and a page and at least a half discussing “nurture.” Finally, conclude the paper by indicating which side (nature, nurture) gives the strongest contribution to this condition, or whether they are both needed. For example, for child obesity, is genetics alone a sufficient cause for a child to be obese, or are poor eating habits necessary to along with a genetic predisposition? The paper should follow the following format:

I. Introduction. Introduce your topic.
II. Description and research on “nature” components
III. Description and research on “nurture” components
IV. Evaluation: which side (nature, nurture) most strongly contributes?"	5
research paper	"congress party in post-independence Era
Chicago Style 
Write 12 pages essay"	5
Big data analysis research	"do a big data analysis research no longer than 1200 words
minium of 8 references required - 5 of them need to published in or after 2011"	5
Write research paper for the usecase	Write research paper for the usecase.	5
FINANCE TOPIC	FINANCE WRITING TOPIC 1500-200 WORDS	5
Article writing x 4 variants	"I need 4 variations of an article written off 500-600 words to also contain some keywords for backlinking. The article should describe our website and what we do 

[login to view URL]

Native English speakers only"	1
Presentation; batteries	"I need a presentation about batteries ( intro, usage, advantages and disadvantages, types.. and any other interesting topics about batteries)

-	I need the presentation to have charts, figures, table..etc (any infographic related)
-	To have only points ( not very long sentences)
-	Along with it a word doc so I can read it and present the presentation.
Doesn’t have to be too fancy! Number of slides up to 12 ( with intro and question slide)."	5
need introduction writing	I need help for writing in introduction for a group project.	5
copywriting in automotive niche	"We are looking for a copywriter, who is able to write blog posts in the automotive niche. To be accurate - everything about car batteries (replacement, types, maintains, etc.). Type of posts: checklists, advice, product and manufacturers comparing, relative devices reviews. We are providing topics.
Blog posts should be UNIQUE and about 500-700 words long. (We are always checking for plagiarism).
To the right person, we will give up to 5 posts per month"	1
Essay about Bullying - 5 pages	Essay about Bullying - 5 pages. Neede by Tuesday	5
Comparative Political Research Essay	"We are a private market research firm currently undertaking studies relating to politics and law.

Our project is a 2000 word essay that should be on the nature of comparative political research about a comparison between the United States and the United Kingdom. 

More information is included in the uploaded files."	5
Resume and Circulium Viate	I want to land the job with my resume and Circulium Viate	1
Copy and Market Research	"I am a mindset relationship therapist and coach. I am starting to create copy for a new website, programs and webinar series. I focus on serving women 25-50, affluent, struggling with conflict in relationships, personal development, desire for fulfillment and ease in their lives and relationships. 

I need you to research copy used and comments from customers from similar authors, vloggers, personas on Youtube, Amazon, Facebook Ads, and Instagram. 

I am looking for sales copy that seems to be effective, positive comments from clients or customers (i.e. book reviews, Youtube comments, etc). Make note of ads that are popping up in Youtube videos and what they are selling to that audience. 

Area to be researched:

-Loneliness
-Codependency
-Narcissistic Relationship Victims
-Relationship Patterns
-Love
-Personal Growth (ex. Brene Brown and Gabrielle Bernstein).

Organize this information by topic, platform, copy and customer reviews. 
(an example of what I'd like this to look like will be provided in the form of a Google Sheet)

I will need:
1. What platform the information is coming from
2. What the title of the video or book is
3. Who the vlogger/persona/author is
4. The TOPIC that you searched to find this (what did you put in the search engine, so if I need to find it again, I can)
5. The relevant copy/comments actually pasted verbatim in the document (please specify if it is copy from the sales or comments from the consumer)."	1
Cover letter + CV for Irish market	I'm looking for jobs so I need a good cover letter and CV related to my background and the job I'm applying for, specifically in Irish aviation market; and Europe in general.	1
thesis proposal writing on impact of process innovation on organizational performance of SMEs	research proposal writing on impact of process innovation on SMEs performances	5
write articles about GDPR, marketing, email marketing	"I need to hire a writer who is well established and has profound knowledge about marketing, GDPR regulations, email marketing and telemarketing. Your job will be to write very informative and attention grabbing blog posts in perfect english for a company that works in this area. Around 1000 words per article is good and each article needs to give the reader great insights and value. Of course the content must be unique and can NOT be copied from other sources since that would be a violation of copyrights and affect the website in a very negative way.

We'll start with the first article and then we can proceed with many more.

Quote your price per article <1000 words."	1
read an article and then answer some questions 1000 words	read an article then answer questions word count is 1000 words (total of  6 questions)	5
brand resonance model and brand equity.	Critically discuss how both the Brand Resonance Model and the concept of Brand equity may be used to guide brand building activities. Use a wide range of academic literature to link the conceptual elements embedded within the model. Also support your answer by proving concrete examples and current market data.	5
TABLE OF CONTENTS NEEDED FOR THESIS	I need a table of contents set up on an existing thesis document - all headings and figures need to numbered and linked to working document that can be changed or added too	5
Report on PSM fucntion for a firm / Company	"Individual Project
•	Identify a company / firm and identify the PSM function within the company
•	Corporate, business and operations strategy
•	Strengths of these strategies
•	State the advantages of PSM within the company
•	Quantify the advantages of the positive impact (further explain it to the points that benefit the company)

Will send you a file of the actual report guidelines once everything is approved"	5
I need someone who is capable of doing academic writing and research	"I need someone who is capable of doing academic writing and research in Wireless sensor network
1-Wireless Sensor Networks (WSNs)
Definition, overview types, and importance, ( about 1 page)
2-Sensor Components ( 0.5 – 1 page) 
3-WSNs applications  ( 0.5 – 1 page) 
4-Wireless Sensor Networks Layer Stack (0.5 – 1 page) 
5-Physical layer security ( 0.5 – 1 page)"	5
Help me write something	"Hi 

I need someonw to do an assignment for me"	5
Spain Geographic Essay	"Ghostwriter needed
More Details below
Word Count: >2000
about: Happiness in Spain and immigrants
Time Frame: 1 day 
Style: Comparative/Analytical Essay   
Format: 12 pt. font Calibri
Referencing: in-text referencing (APA)"	5
CV/resume writer for a freelance copyeditor and proofreader	Hi, I need someone to revamp my CV/resume. I have written one, with some key projects, achievements, accomplishments, etc., but it is just so boring. Looking for someone who is skilled at CV/resume writing to review and suggest changes for my 2-page CV/resume. On a limited budget...	1
Case study for network security 	I need you to write a case study report for network security.	5
A comparative report	A comparative report between the choice of an unincorporated partnership and an incorporated private limited company (Ltd).	4
Sport Essay / Report	"using the a model of Behaviour change, produce a critical evaluation of how this relates to sport and physical activity participation.   2000 words with references and citations. 

Model of Choice - ""deficit model"""	5
Copy Writing	"Need someone to copy write for my website.

Nature of business: Lawn & Garden Care"	1
critical essay harvard style	critical essay by Harvard style about Frida Kahlo	5
Academic writing  -- 2	Accounting project 	5
Proofread product menu and package	We need to professionally proofread a baby product menu and package in one day	1
Help me write something	I need you to write a research article. Research the HRM practices in the uae	5
Easy Write Up	I need you to do a write up about the effects social media has on one’s self esteem. 	5
Article of barbecue smoking 	I need you to write a research article. On the use of wood in barbecue smoking. 	3
For Janelle Heideman	Hello Janelle.  We are happy to extend this project (blog) to you.	3
7 types of waste in lean production theory	"- 2000 word essay on 7 types of waste in lean production theory.
- Cite at least 2-3 academic articles.
- Include your own example scenarios from construction projects for each type of waste."	5
Rewrite a 3,500 Word Review Article (I have more work after this)	"I need a writer that is well versed in English to rewrite a batch of articles (reviews) in the home niche. The rewritten articles need to have high quality, sound good and be in your own words so they pass Copyscape. No spun content or other nonsense like that.

This project here is for the first article in a batch. It has 4,000 words and contains 10 short reviews of various products in the home niche. 
After this, I have more articles (currently 22,600 words overall) that need to be rewritten, all in the same category and the same type of products. If you do a great job, I'll be happy to give you more work to do.

Cheers!"	4
Article 500-600 words	"I need an article written for my website [login to view URL] which should be titled ‘5 places you must visit when in Russia’. 

The article can then be quite general with a bit of blurb about each, but with a closing paragraph about ‘Before travelling to Russia’ which is where there will be content about applying for a Russian visa. I will tell you which are the top 5 places and where you can find some information about them"	1
Content check	I would like to hire someone to check my main's page content and to proceed to any changes if needed to improve it and make it more SEO friendly.	1
Write encyclopaedia article about British company.	You will need to write 1000 words about a financial company in Wikipedia's house style.	3
Business travel market 	I need you to write a research article.	5
Write an Article for the website	"Write an Article ""How to choose the best cycling clothing"" for the website [login to view URL] using words which will help to promote website. 600-700 words. The company makes  women specific, premium cycling clothing."	1
Improve Quality of Service For Home Automation Network (IoT)	I need help about writing my research proposal which is improve quality for home automation networks. the state of the art and QoS parameter	5
Content for website and brochure	"Edit content provided to suit:
1. Website
2. Retail Pamphlet

The content is provided.  It needs to be edited for use in marketing materials.  Additional information about the audience and the services are provided for background information.  See attached."	1
Website Copy	We are an organic kombucha brewery in Southern California. Our target audiences are yogis, fitness enthusiasts, new agers, and holistic/conscious communities. I am seeking help with writing copy or text to our website to inform people about the products and adding flow and aesthetics to the site.	1
hi I need your help in writing a 300 word personal statement for my university application	"Hi, I am looking for a professional writer who is good in English to help me in my university application.

Describe an exceptional achievement and/or lesson learned in your academic or work experience. How would your experiences support your choice of programme(s)? What are your plan(s) upon graduation?""

 I will tell you more details on my academic, work experience and my choice of program once the project is being taken."	5
to write a short paper(1000-1100 words)	I need someone who can write a short paper on emerging technology in the field of robotics, it should explain kinds of moral decisions that raises for engineers. also compare it to a similar existing technology and should explain how its morally and technically similar.	5
Resume writing and editing	professional resume writing and resume advice	1
Grant Writer Needed - Fight Camera Action	"Hi, my name is Angela Robinson! I am a licensed esthetician in the state of California. I founded a non-profit in 2013 that helps children and individuals with terminal illness create unforgettable memories with family and friends. Face Art Creative Team Foundation Inc. provides skin health education, beautification workshops, and host exclusive spa and beauty events for children and adult patients with cancer to help build their confidence, self esteem, make new friends  and to bond over fun and unforgettable moments. I have been funding the events myself, and I just really need some financial help to continue. These projects cost a lot of money that I honestly just don’t have access to as I’d like, but I don’t want to give up because I see the remarkable difference and huge impact in the few projects my non profit had made. I really hope to host more events, but I just don’t have enough money. I am new to all this, and I don’t know a thing about how to go about getting nor writing grants. I recently signed up with a company that finds grant matches for individuals and non-profits. Out of tons of researching these matches, I’ve only found one to my inferior knowledge in choosing possible matches that I believe I may qualify for, but the problem is is that I don’t know what to do from here. So, I got online to find a grant writer for help and it led me to freelancer.com. I need a grant writer that has a passion for children and others with terminal illnesses and truly understands the weight cancer puts on peoples emotional and physical self esteem and sees the value in what my non profit is doing for cancer kids and patients. Please help!! I’ve uploaded a few clips from a project my non profit had done last year so you can see that I need to continue this mission. Thank you for taking the time to read about my mission! I look forward to impacting more lives with your help!
P.s I apologize in advance as some of my photos and videos appear to have a problem uploading. If you would like to check out my website at [login to view URL] for more info and videos -please use a PC this site is not mobile friendly for media content."	1
Write an article/report about an event	"Hello,

The project is to Write an article/report about an event already happened."	5
report writing 	I need you to write a report for something.	4
Report Writing	Relating Business info systems	5
Article about why real estate agents need a website.	51% of people found their home online.  I need an article explaining to real estate agents the value of having a real estate website with the ability to search for real estate	1
Content translation	I need to hire someone to translate some content of my website from English to German and Russian. Content i around	1
Seo Articles	I have a website that I am already doing SEO on. I need some articles created with specific keywords that I can use both on my website and other websites as well (I already have a list of keywords).	1
Professional CV Writer	I require a Profesional CV Writer ,Igive you all the information,old cv and certificates and i need a new cv with all in and ensure no duplicate certificates as there is [login to view URL] the only input i wish to give is over the phone if a description is needed ,This cv should be used wordl wide and i need it editable in word form once done ,to be clear i sent you a link with all inside and expect a profesional cv with all in and certificates sorted ,i will provide a link to upload it again or can be sent via we transferto me back,i do not have time for any other inut unless over the phone .i need time spend to make the cv as detailed as possible	1
Resume editing	Need my resume edited. This is a physicians resume and will require prior experience with working with such content.	1
Cyber security Essay	"Please write a 4000 – 5000 word essay on one of the topics below. Please use at least 8 scholarly journals as references in your paper. Use MLA or APA citation for the paper.

""Which state-sponsored cyber threat concerns you the most? Why?"""	5
research in project management	"research in project management with 60 pages maximum, guide lines can be shared once agreed. preferable expert in technical writing and solid back ground in project management, also have high skills in web searching.
deadline to have the The research ready within one week time."	5
Restructuring, rewriting article	I have a paper I need to be restructured, made to flow in a clear and concise manner. I believe it is a bit bland at the moment. I also want to further emphasize and highlight the psychological mechanisms I describe in the paper.	5
I need you to write an essay for 2,000 words	I need you to write an essay for 2,000 words	5
personal statment for graduate admission 	"The statement should explain why they are applying and how their studies will contribute to the achievement of their personal objectives, including information about past achievements and challenges they have faced in their academic or professional life as well as identifying specific academic areas of interest within the field of Islamic Finance and Economy (minimum of 300 words, maximum of 500 words). 

I'm applying for second master in Islamic finance my first was in MBA I interesting in the major I have experience in teaching finance subject I have cooperate in writing a finance book with some of my collage . 
I can be useful for collage in teaching or research . "	5
Need someone who understands in and out of freelancing	"I  want to give away a free guide to new / aspiring freelancers that are struggling. I could have done this myself, but due to my busy schedule, I need someone who understands in and out of freelancing to write a simple, yet efficient point of manual document outlining what a freelancer has to do step by step in order to stand out from the rest. As an example:

 - As a new freelancer, you need to spend more time on finding relevant leads 

- To make sure you keep your profile up to date and not make it seem like you created an account for the heck of having one

It should have 30 points for a start and you need to name the document as 'steps you need to take as a new freelancer' and anyone applying for this project must type [guide] on top of your bid"	1
Systematic review in human resources	A systematic review in human resources	4
Industry comparative analysis	Market expansion research paper 15-20 pages.	5
Blog writing for Dry Cleaning	Write Blogs twice a month on Dry Cleaning and other [login to view URL] be excellent and creative	1
business law 2	"basic business law, its practices and 
                     principles, and the legal environment in which business operates"	5
Scientific and Technical Communication	define and explain technical communication and discuss the essential elements necessary to writing clear and effective sentences. Also, explore audience and purpose.	5
International Plan	6-7 pages developing an international plan!	5
Proofread and Enhance My Blog Post	Need someone to content proofread my blog post and also make it sound more professional. I need help finishing my blog.	1
Account essay writing	"Need to be finished before end of Wednesday. 2500 words account essay writing about balanced score sheet with detailed requirements. 700 words of part B has been finished.

part A discuss the benefit and limits of BSC drawing from at least 5 academic papers
part B select companies and discuss major challenges, drivers, and ways of effective implementation of the BSC in these specific cases.
Part C critically discuss the business cases introduced in part B in relation to the literature analysed in Part A and draw relevant conclusions."	5
question & answer cfin	Its mustafa, only one question about corporate finance	5
Write up a business plan.	"My name is Ahmed and I am a 32 year old from Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, and I wish to use my passion for playing retro games to provide a location for others like myself to hang out with friends, playing classics such as Donkey Kong and Mortal Kombat, while consuming on beverages and snacks.  

The business that I have in mind is opening a retro themed arcade and video game cafe or similar in Riyadh. The inspiration behind the idea was when I visited a number of arcade themed bars, or as they classify as ""Barcades"", while travelling across a number of cities around the world. The concept of a ""Barcade"" revolves around a typical alcohol serving bar which contains many classic arcade machines, such as Street Fighter 2 and NBA Jam, and classic video game consoles hooked up to old school CRT TVs such as Super Nintendo and Sega Genesis,  available for their customers to play while enjoying a drink with friends. Very commonly the model of such a place would involve the consumer paying a one time cover fee, which gives him access to play on the machines and consoles for free for the entirety of the stay, only paying additionally for drinks and snacks. Some places use somewhat different models though.  

The business I have in mind is very similar to what is described above, except due to local laws and regulations here in Saudi Arabia, alcohol is considered illegal, therefore it must be replaced with some other form of offering in order to generate revenue and compensate in the place of alcohol. 

What I would like to have is a business plan done. It should cover as many aspects as possible including products, services,  strategic and market analysis, marketing plan, budgeting, a financial plan, sales forecast, etc. I intend on using this information when pitching the idea to potential partners for this business."	1
Website blog writing	"- We will offer you a blog outline
- Topic: Cooking Oil related
- 1500 words required
- deadline: 4/2
- The project will be a long-term partnership if you offer this article on time with high-quality."	1
content editor / writer for my website	We are looking for content editor to make sure the content is marketable. We're a non-profit organization and would like to work with a content editor and rewrite it in a more appealing way and a marketable and convincing way to the reader that visit the site and want to donate.  There isn't a lot of content, but please check the site and let us know.  [login to view URL]	1
write me a resume	"i have a current resume. i can provide job descriptions for past jobs and current. but i need a detailed resume.

also would like to include this advice from my mentor ""You need to tell me how you helped an organization.  For example, reduced user impact by streamlining user moves.  And you need to have 10 or so bullets per job.  Start each one with a action verb (and vary them).  I don't care what you do, I can train someone to do that.  But show me how it helps the user/company by saving time or money, and you got my attention""

included job descriptions example resume of what detail id like mine to have. and current resume"	1
Articles for eco products for cleaning in the bathroom, kitchen and laundry.	I need you to write 3 seperate blog articles about eco products for cleaning in the bathroom, kitchen and laundry for my website [login to view URL] mentioning why it’s an eco product(beneficial or neutral to the environment) and its effectiveness. An interest in natural cleaning and interest in cleaning would be beneficial.	1
Product description for gifts website	"I just have new items for my website. I would like to have Short product descriptions for 50 items.
8-10 sentence for each product that make customer interested in. I have 45 in the MSwords list, the other 5 is in my website. [login to view URL]"	1
Write an English essay	I need someone to write an English essay about consumerism, it has to be in APA style and it needs at least 5 references and 5 pages.	5
content writing SEO optimized	Looking for someone to write website content and article blog posts.	1
Customer Relationship Management System	"Project instructions:

1-	A Coffee shop (Drowsy Coffee Shop) that will use a CRM system to improve their customer relationships.

2-	Using project management techniques, initiate, plan and execute CRM system that uses functionalities and types of CRM (Sales, Marketing, service, analytical, strategic and collaborative CRM).

3-	The final outcome should be a documented project.



*** Note that you need to document all the tasks listed above. Hence, you need in include the following sub-headings in your written report with an appropriate title, screenshots, and analysis of what is performed ***


(I)	Introduction about the coffee shop and building a business case about it.
a.	Briefly introduce the CRM and the coffee shop (Drowsy Coffee Shop).

b.	Perform a situation analysis, identify the main goals and objectives and develop the business case by highlighting the expected benefits and costs.

(II)	Using Operational functionalities.
a.	Implement 3 functionalities of each operational applications (Sales, Marketing, and Service). Make sure to demonstrate the use of social media.

(III)	Using Analytical and Strategic CRM Functionalities.
a.	Generate reports about sales and marketing and identify profitable customers and effective marketing segments.

(IV)	Reflection and Conclusion.
a.	Write a reflection about the work that has been done and identify the KPI and critical success factors."	5
Writing a Proposal about Safety Procedures 2500-3000 words	"Hello
I need a professional and expert writer to write me a perfect proposal about safety procedures. Details and topic will be announced to selected freelancers. Th proposal includes all standards elements including, but not limited to, abstract, background, literature review, objectives, research question, research problem, methodology, etc. It must include at least 2500-3000 words."	5
Professional writer	"There are 4 technical report. The first draft should be released by Wednesday 11am western Australian time and final draft after feedback by 2pm Western Australia time.
Topic 1: Describe with diagrams an example “industrial automation system” of your choice 
Topic 2: Describe with diagrams and examples of how PLCs are used in industrial automation
Topic 3: Process Control Engineering
Topic 4: Examples of Feedback Control System in a Robot"	5
Write me an article: 5 reasons	I have an audio recording that I want to have written into an article.  The article needs to be at least 500 words and more than just transcribing the audio clip.  Please see the attached clip.	2
finanicial Analysis for mangers	I will give to you the report just need  some changing  of report	5
Market research small assignment	Further details will be provided to selected freelancers. It's about studying marketing of companies.	5
essay writing	"I need two short essays to be written in academic APA style for a Psychology and clinical language sciences course. The questions will be regarding language development in a genetic disorder. I can send the questions upon request. I need this by this Saturday 27th.
Is this something you would be able to help me with?

Thanks!"	5
CBD Merchant Processing Landing Page	"Review content and reword/rework copy. 
[login to view URL]"	2
Capital Budgeting under Uncertainty and Risk 	I need you to write a research article and include some key points which I have already included in a slide 	5
Trend analysis for exchange rate and interest rates of Mexico and U.S	"I am seeking for someone help to do a trend analysis for exchange rate and interest rates of Mexico and U.S. All detailed information will be provided by me and I hope this can be done before Monday.

Background: A currency carry trade involves investors looking to exploit interest rate differentials between two currencies and it is thought to be one of the factors that contribute to the empirical violations of the uncovered interest parity (UIP). Choose a pair of funding and investment currencies (Mexico and U.S dollar) and their money market interest rates (e.g., monthly rates, "	5
Paper on Saving the World	"The main topic is defending Anarchism and how it will fix the biggest issue facing humans on earth. (Corrupt government)
An argumentative paper with reason, data, logic, coherent argumentation, persuasion. 
2,500 words
10-12 proper sources
No plagiarism or excessively long quotes (I will be checking)"	5
Three Page Informational Paper	Three pages written for a seminar related to Cloud Computing Security  and an overview of the NIST Cloud Security Management publication.	5
Manuscript editing and adding contents	I am working on a book project and I have just started with an introduction. I thought I would try your service to see how you can polish my writing and add contents to it to make it sound live.	1
I need someone to Do my case study questions 	"Online Marketing at Big Skinny – Case Study Questions

Your case study analysis and discussion should cover the following areas:
1. Bringing Big Skinny’s offline tactics online (e.g. converting traffic, replacing personal
selling)
2. Evaluate Big Skinny’s sponsored search strategy (e.g. are there search keywords Big
Skinny can use to increase/lower its bid, targeting strategy and segments)
3. Evaluate how Big Skinny is using social media to sell its wallets (e.g. do content and
followers sell wallets)
There is no strict word limit requirement, but 1500 words should be sufficient to tackle the
entire submission of 3 questions. You must address all 3 areas in your submission, with
approximately equal word length to each."	5
detailed review paper	"I want a detailed review paper to be written upon my topic, 
Its related to ""Human-Machine Music Ensemble for Live Concert Performance"" and Human Computer Synchronization"	5
Business Rrticles Required	"I need an experienced business writer with a good understanding of SEO. Topics for all articles and references will be provided. The writer must write the articles with the aim of getting them ranked well with SEO.

Please provide examples of your work when you apply."	1
Research essay	"Need a research essay written on the topic below:

The Opioid Epidemic: Are doctors who over-prescribe
narcotic pain medication causing the opioid epidemic?"	5
paraphrasing for a report	"paraphrasing for a report with high quietly work.
the similarity must be less than 5 %
only 11 pages"	5
Update my resume	I need to have my resume updated and modernized, in a proper 'C level' executive format and also suitable for posting on LinkedIn.	1
essay about smart grid	10 pages about smart grids i will provide the topics to include in the essay	5
cover letter writing	I'd like to have a great cover letter emphasizing my elite athletic sport background and also my diverse and constant sales quota achieving experience more that 150% in average sales quota achieve since 2007 in the private and public sector for various industries.	1
I need a mission and vision statement for my nonprofit	My business is Pursuit of Dreams. its a nonprofit and i need to write a mission statement and vision. Pursuit of Dreams mentor kids teaching life skills and community building.	1
Proofread + Edit Whiskey Sales Plan	"I'm am developing a marketing and sales plan for a whiskey brand that I need another set of eyes to proofread and suggest edits as necessary before submitting the final deliverable. 

The ideal person for the job would be someone with strong writing skills and and be a native or fluent english speaker. 

I also need help with presenting this plan in a professional package. Formatting and some graphic design experience is  a plus.

Creating the final package can be an add-on project once edits are complete.

hmu if you're interested!

Will"	1
Essay on integrative leadership practices and issue	In need of an essay on a well know global company (better if on a retail or financial sector) that reflects leadership practices and associated issues. The paper should be 2500 words, plagiarism free (it may be check online), needs to contain academic reference and is needed by 28th of May 2019.	5
Completely Rewrite/Spin 5000 words (At least readable) in -12 hours.	I need to have 5000~ words written/spun in 12 hours. Must be readable. 12 hours deadline is also a must. Let me know the fixed-price rate. Computer science (Blockchain) topic.	5
Product page copywriting	"I am looking for a native english speaker to write one product description as a test. 
If the test is conclusive 10-15 other product descriptions will need to be created.

Product features and pictures can be found in the attached PDF file.

The description needs to be a few paragraphs long (approximately 200 words) and needs to focus on the benefits of the product not the features.

I will be checking that the description you write are not plagiarised."	1
Business article 	I need you to write a business article within 2 hours, just need one page, high price 	1
Need to complete 3 case study	"Case Study 1: Nationstate Insurance Case Study
Case Study 2: International Foods Case Study
Case Study 3: International Foods Case Study

Detailed case study with answer on discussion questions mentioned in all 3 case studies"	5
Information Compiler and Editor	"Hi, I need someone who can be given a subject or topic, eg Cricket Rules, Excel Tips and Shortcuts, a list/explanation of all phobias....and provide about 500-700 words and basic images back on it.  However, the info needs to be reduced to the least amount of words possible, no filler words, very concise, so that as much info can be shown in a small space as possible. 

I will have 100s of these to be prepared, so price point is imperative - some will be quicker than others eg Excel shortcuts I would expect is more copy/paste and less editing, than eg Cricket Rules..

Hoping someone with speed and accuracy can help:)"	1
SEO Keyword Rich & Well Researched Blog Post Writer	"Hi, I need the help of a blog writer who loves to write short, quick but Well researched & SEO Keyword rich blog posts.

I will need your help writing 4 blog posts weekly.
Each post should be no more than 1200 word but NO LESS than 1000 words.
This gig pays $50 weekly."	1
PHD PROPOSAL	IN NEED OF A GOOD ACADEMIC WRITER FOR A PHD PROPOSAL ON A TOPIC IN BANKING FOR ENTRY APPLICATION	5
research for Multimedia Sensor Networks	Application of Wireless Multimedia Sensor Networks for Security Supervision, Network Architectures, and Implementation Challenges.	5
Redo my resume	"My resume seems a bit messy and I would like someone to look at it, edit it, clean it up where necessary and make to look cleaner. 

It may be too wordy or just poorly structured. I will rely on your expertise to tell me what is the best way to edit the document. 

My field is finance, commodities and trading."	1
Write a paper	"Need help to write 2500 words paper according to the topic I will discuss in chat. If this comes out good, professional and as expected, will work with you in the next project. I really need someone who has experience in writing articles, critiquing articles, researching good sources like journals. Anyway more info will be discussed in chat. Need it in 4 days.

Please put your final bid."	5
Create Resume	"I have been an IT Consultant for over 25 years primarily as a Sr. Business Systems/Technical Analyst with Project Management and Team Lead experience.  
I need a shorter, professional resume that will highlight and summarize my career.  
I would also like a one page introductory letter highlighting leadership qualities; enthusiasm, team building, communication, as well as experience and proven success. 

I have attached 2 resumes, one very detailed from 1984 - 2017, the other shorter from 2010 - 2019.


Please let me know if you have any questions.

Thanks,

Deb"	1
Create SEO rich content for my website	"Hi, 

I'm struggling to juggle between my day time job and building my website, so I'm researching the feasibility of using a writer to create SEO rich content.

My websites niche is technology, specifically smart home and internet of things (devices, appliances, ideas, etc).

My posts need to be:
- +- 1500 words per post
- I'd provide the keyword, although open to suggestions.
- I may edit the post 

Can you give my a cost on the above? I'm looking to build my website, if the price is affordable and the content is good I imagine that there will be more work.

Many thanks
Chris"	1
Report discussing the solution of post tensioned concrete and the impact of its technical change in design and construction.	"Report discussing the solution of post tensioned concrete and the impact of its technical change in design and construction.

[login to view URL]

1. Introduction 
200 words and what we aim to achieve in this report
x1. [Reference]
2. Background
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
2.1 What is it?
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
2.2 Characteristics 
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
2.3 Properties 
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
3. Application 
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
3.1 What it does?
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
3.2 Where is it used? 
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
3.3 What it seeks to replace?
300 words 
x1. [Reference]
4. Fitness Attributes Against Alternatives 
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
4.1 Against Clay Traditional Concrete Methods
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
4.2 Technological Advantages 
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
4.3 Technological Disadvantages
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
5. Dynamics of Introduction
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
5.1 Building Component 
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
5.2 Limitations 
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
6. Impact of Use on Building Projects
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
6.1 Scale of Innovation 
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
6.2 Results Achievable Through Substitution
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
6.2.1 Construction Process
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
6.2.2 Building Design/Structure
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
6.2.3 Management of risk/safety
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
6.2.4 Environmental results 
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
7. Social Actors and Location of Advantages 
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
7.1 Developer/client
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
7.2 Designers
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
7.3 Head Contractor
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
7.4 Sub-contractor/bricklayer 
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
8. Technical Considerations
200 words
x1. [Reference]"	5
Looking for a CV re write	"Hello, I need to rewrite my CV. My current CV looks a bit unprofessional and I need someone who knows what's exactly required for a english CV.

It should be ready in 48 hours after starting"	1
Write a promotional article for our website	"Hi, I work at a small IT company and we are looking to promote our new wireless solution. We already have a website which we are using as a sales funnel.

I am looking for someone to research the subject of Managed WiFi and write an article which shows how our solution would benefit our customers.
The article needs to be attractive so that our customers will see the many benefits of our solution.

Our target audience are businesses which want to provide WiFi to their guests or tenants (e.g. Hotels, Guest houses, Property managers, B&Bs).

For insight we are using the technical features of Open Mesh (Wireless Access Points) and the CloudTrax system."	1
We are seeking an experienced freelance writers to brainstorm, write, and create content for our customers blog related to parenting:  parents, single parent, caregivers, adoptive parents, foster parents etc.	"We are seeking an experienced freelance writers to brainstorm, write, and create content for our customers blog related to parenting:  parents, single parent, caregivers, adoptive parents, foster parents etc. Stories of achievements, heartaches or breakthrough, love, loss or joy..

1000 words per article"	1
E-commerce Product Descriptions	I am starting an ecommerce store that will sell seeds, nuts, dried fruits, candy, spices, etc. I need someone to enter product descriptions for several different types of products	1
20 Auto-related Product Descriptions Needed (100 words per description)	"We are looking to create paragraphs of content that will appear on Dynamic Search Pages on our client's webpages. For example, if a customer searches for ""alternators"" - a list of alternators for purchase will appear. The text that you are creating is what will appear at the top of the list. This helps the website rank better in Google's eyes. 

Your goal is to create at least 75-100 words of content that explain the car part, why they need to replace the part, the value of OEM (original equipment manufactured parts - aka, not aftermarket parts), and give them a call to action. It can be relatively casual in tone but including SEO keywords and calls to action is crucial. Also, use the brand name provided here and there.

When it comes to describing the car part, you can talk about what a certain car part does, why it is important, signs you need to replace a part, etc. Anything to that affect to describe the part. It doesn't have to be a detailed, in-depth description. A basic overview is fine.

Follow your description of the part by keeping these things in mind:

- Why the buyer will need or want to replace a part

- Why purchasing an OEM part is important. You can use terms like OEM, Genuine, Factory Parts, ""Straight from the manufacturer,"" - etc.

- A call to action at the end. The whole purpose of this content is so someone buys a product. You can say anything like ""Buy xx part on our site,"" ""Shop OEM parts below,"" ""Buy xx part today and have it shipped straight to you,"" - etc.

We do not want duplicative content that you have seen on every other car part site. We are looking for you to write these creatively so there is no chance of a penalty from Google. We will check to make sure these are not ""copied and pasted"" descriptions, so please ensure you are coming up with unique content.

IMPORTANT: While including keywords and the brand name is important, please use them within context and avoid ""keyword stuffing"" just to include them. Less is more - so use these tastefully.

You can see an example of what we are looking for by viewing the screenshot.

We will provide a word document with the auto parts we need descriptions for once the job is accepted."	1
Create an article	"Budget: $75-$100 but it is negotiable.

Topic: How restaurants can benefit from using Facebook ads and messenger marketing.

More details upon acceptance of project."	1
Content Writer	Looking for quality content for a small technology consulting website.  Roughly 6 pages.	1
Critical Analysis World War 1	There are 2 questions about WW1	5
Security and Web Database	500 words for each of the 2 tasks! It's about Database security and web database depending on the proposed case study!	5
Writing a Report -- 2	"Writing a report about one of the choices, Social Issues and a reflection. 
-- Sample is given to show what can be done better!"	5
Cinema and Culture Study	I need it within 1 hour, please do it right now. this 250-300 words project​ is to Explain the factors and changes that transformed Hollywood in the postwar period and brought about the New American Cinema.	5
Write articles about weather data	"We are interested in having some articles written about our new weather data offering ([login to view URL]).  The basic project is this:

  1) Come up with an interesting topic relating to historical weather data (ideally directed toward a US audience).  Any type of weather pattern, climate change, current weather events vs. historical patterns, etc. could work.  The most interesting, the better.  Use your imagination.

  2) Use the weather data look-up from our site ([login to view URL]) to find some weather data for your article.

  3) Write an article on your topic including the weather data and a link back to the Visual Crossing Weather lookup page.  (800-1200 words ideally)

  4) Post the article on a publicly-facing website/forum where such articles are accepted.  (The more popular website, the better)

  The initial plan would be to engage multiple Freelancers in each writing a package of two articles.  Based on quality and success the hope is to pick one or two Freelancers to do additional tasks including additional public articles as well as posts for our own website.  However, this initial project is simply to write 2 articles each using steps 1-4 above.

  To be clear, this project is for writing two articles and posting them based on the steps above."	1
Write an About Page - SBC Bathrooms	"I need  to write an About Page for a new website.
SBC Bathrooms. 10 Years experience. Commercial and Residential.
Services:
Bathroom Renovation. Tiling and Flooring. Painting. Plumbing.
We promise:
Detailed quotes and scopes of work.
Estimated time frames.
Fast communication.
Flexibility."	1
Introduction of two-dimensional cell culture versus three-dimensional cell culture	I would like to have a help about the comparison of 2D and 3D cell culture. I will be glad if someone who studied biomedical sciences or related with cell culture. I will give more details later.	5
Market analysis 	I need you to write a market analysis for a consulting company,3000words,budget ￡50	5
EU affairs project	"The EU Turkey Statement and the violations of Human rights: 10 pages
Special attention to plagiarism!
Footnotes in the bottom of each page. At least 20 different bibliographical sources (for the total of pages, no Wikipedia/ encyclopedia. Books, articles, scientific journals)
(TNR 12, Spacing: 1,5, Margins: Top/ bottom: 2,5 Left: 4 Right: 3)"	5
400 word answer	"Require answer to question 400 words 
Apa referencing based on 3 pages"	5
History Paper on Medieval War Technologies	"10 Page-double spaced, Times New Roman
Some sources will be provided that need to be used for this paper."	5
I need an expert writer	"I need you to write an essay.I have supporting materials.

1-the importance of cost management in IT

2-the process of planning cost

3- the different types of costs estimates and methods

4- justify the use of earned value management to assist cost control

5-examples of the process of determining the cost"	5
3000 words essay ref5018	"Looking for a writer specialised in cognitive neuroscience studies..
Will need the essay for 3000 words. 
Deadline 5 May.

Choose one topic from a list, please see attachment. 
All work used within the assignment should be appropriately referenced, APA referencing style.
Please message for more information."	5
property party wall	"Question: (party wall act): constraints on development: neighboring buildings, planning consents, rights of way

approaches to consider:
1) what was the law before the statute ? - or explain why the statute was enacted
2)what do the relevant provisions of the statutes say ?
3) what case law exists to help interpret provisions ?
4) what is the thread of your argument and what are you concluding ?
5) if presented with a problem/scenario type question, feel free to have several answers depending on what the facts might be
6) The drawbacks it can bring to a developer building a house next to an existing building. i.e if building a loft conversion and a party wall agreement will be needed specifically for the insertion of the steal
7) steps of doing point 6 above and the process for example:
- serving party wall notice
- outlining what you intend to do and give them a minimum of 2 months notice prior to works commencing
- what happens if they disagree to the works ?
if they do not agree in writing within 14 days you will need to appoint a party wall surveyor.
8) Is building regulations required ?
9) can a party wall surveyor pass the works with the neighbors disapproval
10) who makes the final decision ? the developer, party wall surveyor or neighbor ?

include case law. use carefully: facts and rules but not whole reports
 References required. 

approximately 1000-1200"	5
Research article	I need you to write a research article. 6,000 to 10,000 words. It's a contemporary political theory reaserch article on the works of Francis Fukuyama.	5
Wrong conviction in America	"An essay about Wrong conviction in America, it should be 10 pages without the cover and summary pages.

Thanks!"	5
Writer hiring-acadamic writing 	"We are looking for freelancers who are willing to write, edit academic essay or project.

If you are interested in the job, please attach your academic CV (with your educational background, research experience, publication list, etc.)
Show me some of the best essay, project you have done"	4
personal statement	I want a personal statement for UCAS. I will provide some information about me and my resume so you know my past experiences. It shouldn't be copied from anywhere please.	5
Eseu Management	"Hello! I am looking for a native romanian speaker to help me with an essay. It is about management. The task is a better (ideal) management system starting from the most representative (Anglo Saxon, Japanese, American). The due date is on Monday, the 6th of May. The essay has to have between 7 to 10 pages in word. Thank you! 
Buna! Este vorba despre un eseu despre un sistem de management mai bun (ideal) pornind de la cele mai reprezentative ( anglo saxon, japonez, american ). Deadlineul este până pe 6 mai. Intre 7 -10 pagini in word."	5
Essay-1000 Words (Focus on British History)	"Here are the questions for the  essay
Length: 1000 words or 4 printed pages.
Use lecture notes, regular readings and at least one other scholarly source in constructing your answer. ( will provide if needed)
List the source in a bibliography. 
Use consistent endnotes for references.

1.	The English Reformation was carried out against the wishes of the people. Discuss.

2.	Did Mary Tudor, a devout Catholic, deserve the epithet “Bloody Mary”?  

3.	Why has Elizabeth I continued to fascinate historians?

4.	How did Elizabeth meet the challenge of religious change in her reign?"	5
global trade and finance -- 2	"Why do you think growing inequality is detrimental to long-term economic growth?
write about 300-400 words
within few hours"	5
Get a termpaper written	"Hi,
I need a term paper for the topic ""Morocco's Policies Toward its African Neighbours (1956-2001)""
I need 7 pages (12 Times New Roman font so that makes up to around 3000 words) with 3-4 references. 
Thanks."	5
I need someone to Re-Word my report	"
I have a report which is very short only about 1,500 words. I want someone to reword it and make it sound more professional. You don’t need to write anything new just rewording exactly what on there would be perfect.  

I need this done in 1- 2 days maximum. 

Please don’t send me long copy and past messages. Only send me a message that is short and tells me how long will you take to finish this project. "	5
Write me a personal statement for postgraduate	I graduated from University in 2014 with a degree in Tourism Management at Canterbury Christ Church University. Currently working in financial services and have been for the past couple of years. I would like to pursue a career in business administration and therefore would like a personal statement written for me for the admission into my masters in business administration.	3
Need an essay	I need a simple response essay of 900 words within 24 hours. I can pay CAD 5 with a good review if the job is done well. Details in the inbox. thanks	5
Charity Manifesto For A Black British Nationalist Website	"My client is looking to create a hypothetical black British nationalist web based manifesto for a theses they are conducting. 

The manifesto should be based on 'self-determination' promoting legal representational support, independent school and nurseries with a supportive discipline background. Job training linked to partnership bonuses. Business support services and a greater awareness and pride in oneself. Mindset installation of duty to protest directly and indirectly and use whatever means legally available to be visible/heard.

The manifesto must deal with the negative and prejudicial concept of crime within the community and acknowledge that crime is colourblind and the true national statistics show that crimes such as 'Murders' annually are actually the same per capita whether you are 'black or white'

The charities mantra must be included....

'What I was has been taken away from me. What I am is being created for me. What I will be is for me and me alone to determine'

This project will require someone with good knowledge of black history throughout the UK. Also a current grasp on the political climate within the UK. Preferably someone with knowledge in respect of politicians use of the term 'black on black crime'.

I need this completed today."	4
Urgent English Essay	"Hello,

All instructions are in the attached pdf. This is serious work so I need serious inquiries only. The essay needs to be 3-5 pages long and professional. I need this owrk done asap in the next hours!

Thank you"	5
Need Someone who can Help T.h.e.s.i.s	Topic is similar to eco friendly cars let me know if anyone is interested thanks Long term work	5
Write 2 essays about music	"Write 2 essays about music and technology used in 3 different pieces of electroacoustic music and popular music.
One of them has to be quite short (500 words) and the other one medium length (1500 words).
For more details, send me a message and I can send you the document with all the info."	5
Letter of intent to Grad School(MBA)	"I need to write a letter of intent to Grad school(MBA).
Detailed instructions will be given when assigned.
2 pages.
Thank you."	5
Stylized facts analysis	The implementation of solar energy in developing country.	5
Writing Essay	Writing essay ( 500 words) 	5
help me write my English speech	It a persuasive speech. The files that I uploaded, there are 5 slides and the speech must include all of the points.	5
data writeup	vocab bump and structure data less than a page	5
Grandma Minnie- Memoir of a Holocaust Survivor	"I would like to have someone write a memoir about my Grandma Minnie who is 93 years old and is a Holocaust Survivor.  She survived many concentrations camps, such as Auschwwitz and Bergen Belsen.  The story of her life, pre-war, during the war, and post war, is what I would like to book to be about.  This is for my own personal use, so that my kids and their kids, will have all her stories written down.  

She is the most amazing person you will meet.  Everyone who meets her, loves her.  I am looking for someone who lives in the NY area, where she lives, and can interview her in person.  She works with my mom and they own a handbag store.  She is very active and independent and lives by herself.  But her health has been declining and I have realized that the clock is ticking.  I want to have this book written in a timely manner.

Looking for a writer who understands this part of history, can research and write well, and know how to story tell."	1
Title	Description	Category
Public Health Cimate change	"For this online assignment, you are required to find THREE credible sources relating to human health effects thought to be attributable to climate change. Using information learned from the Climate Change lecture (lecture 24) as well as the three sources that you will find on your own, please complete the following:

In your own words, please name and describe three distinct health effects (diseases or syndromes) that may be directly or indirectly caused by climate change, and explain the climatic events or shifts that cause these health effects. Please find and cite three credible references for the information you provide. Credible sources include ONLY the following:

1. Peer-reviewed journal articles, from peer-reviewed academic journals

2. Review articles from peer-reviewed academic journals

I strongly suggest that you use PubMed to locate your source material for this assignment.

Grading will be based on:

1. The thoroughness with which you explain the three health effects- including (a) communication of scientific detail, (b) the extent to which you synthesize the source material in your assignment (translating the text of the article into your own words) and (c) your logical connection of the described health effects to climate-related environmental factor(s).

DO NOT QUOTE OR PLAGIARIZE YOUR PEER-REVIEWED SOURCE MATERIAL, OR ANY OTHER MATERIAL. All student submissions will be subjected to online plagiarism checking and within-class plagiarism cross-checking prior to grading.

2. The quality of the scientific journal article sources located, and the adherence to APA citation formatting. No two students may use the same set of three journal articles; any submission found to have identical sets of references / sources to previous submissions will be returned to the student for revision and resubmission. This confers an advantage to those who complete and submit the assignment early!

Your complete explanation should be 900 to 1000 words (not including name, title, and references).

YOU MUST CITE (within-text citations AND bibliographic citations) YOUR SOURCES IN APA PRINT JOURNAL FORMAT! The 6th APA format guideline one-pager (""easy-bib"") is available on the WCL course site. This assignment is to be submitted via SafeAssign in WCL- no emailed papers will be accepted"	5
Write a Report 	"write a report 10-20 sentences about each of the three topics below:
1. Compare and contrast the Black Death in Eurasia in the 14th century with smallpox disease the ravaged in the new world  in the 16th and the 17th centuries. How were they similar? How did they differ? consider especially their mortality, the areas affected, how it affected various groups of people, and how those places and peoples changed as a result if the epidemics? 
2. Compare and Contrast the Ming Dynasty and the Ottoman Empire. how were they similar? How did they differ? Consider their time periods, their rise, their fall, their geography, and how they interacted with the wider world (and each other if they did).
3. Explain the Columbian exchange. How did it start? what geographic regions did it include? what people did it include? How did the interactions work? what items and other things were involved in it? how did it change the wold? 

each question and point must be answered.    "	5
2 page project on financial aspect of small housing. 	You must reword/add in and make a formal proposal/report on small housing/micro housing based on the writings I already have on small housing/micro housing. 	5
political science short essay and short answers.	choose 3 of the 5 to answer and answer the essay question.	5
Long Term Article Writers required - INR 85/500 words  (Approx. $1.25/500 words) -- 2	"I'm looking for good and reliable writers for immediate hire for long term working relationship. 

* Rate: (in Indian Rupees) INR 85 per 500 words (INR 17 per 100 words). (Approx. $1.25/500 words $1/400 words)

 ****=>Bid with your PAST SAMPLE(S).******** ****

 -I do assure consistent bulk work with payments within 24 hour. 
 Payment via freelancer. 

 -Minimum 8 articles of 400 words required within 2 days. 
 -All articles must be in good English, informative, easy to read and Copyscape premium pass
 -Writer must be able to stay in touch and should communicate regularly, This is a continuing job for months so NO time wasters please. 

 FRESH WRITERS ARE WELCOME. Bid only if you are serious about writing. Let me know how many articles you can deliver a day.. 

 Your Bids are Welcome 

 Thanks
 -
"	4
Academic Writing 	"US American bids ONLY!
US Military Prefered.
Due on 16 Mar 0900 PST.

Briefly describe the greatest challenge to coalition success in Operation INHERENT RESOLVE . Then, thoroughly explain how that challenge could be overcome through the lens of ONE of the following joint functions (Command and Control, Intelligence, Fires, Movement and Maneuver, Protection and Sustainment). All references must be cited.Must include 200 word abstract.Body of paper must be 1200 words not counting abstract and references."	5
Need help with quick rewrite	In Search of a writer to do a quick rewrite for us. Price will be $2/500 words. Payment based on number of words.	2
Academic Writing rewrite	looking for someone to rewrite an Article and pharase it, only acadamic writer, i will pay 7$, words are 1900.	5
Article Writers/Rewriters	"We need writers/re-writers or blogger:

- who can get started immediately.
- who can write 10 articles per day on our website
- who can work 5 or 6 days/week one month long
- who have a Twitter and Facebook account
- who will post and promote every day an article from our website
- who are good with the following pay rates:

ORIGINALS: 
10 articles with 100 words for max. 10$/per hour
5 articles with 200 words for max. 10$/per hour

REWRITES: 
10 articles with 100 words for max. 5$/per hour
5 articles with 200 words for max. 5$/per hour

We are looking for:
4 English article writers
3 Spanish article writers
3 French article writers 
2 German article writers

We will put your name and surname on our ""About us"" website as ""Article Manager""!

The above rates are just for starters. With consistent excellent work you can get rewarded a pay increase in as little as a month's time. 

For those wanting to give this project a shot, please write 100 words as a sample. Those applying without samples would not be considered. 

Happy bidding!
"	1
I need you to write an academic project 	I need you to write an academic article. Academic writing 4000 worde 	5
marketing case study	marketing case study 	5
Health Promotion	Analysing a municipal public health and well being plan.	5
500-800 Words --- 20 Articles	"I need 20 Articles. 2 articles per day. Accepting criteria will be provided during an interview after you place a bid. All relevant details will also be provided. Place word understood in start of your bid.

$2 per article non negotiable."	1
Написание статей 	"travel portal in internet needs a copywriter/editor for writing articles about travelling. The main topics are : historical not well-known places, gastronomy, winery, hotels, nature, diving, trekking, hikking, safaris, kids adventures, wedding ceremonies, travel recommendations, etc.
We need native speakers/writers in English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Russian languges.
The articles should be 3000-5000 symbols.
We need about 5-10 articles per month in each language."	1
Academic Writing hindu	"i need an essay paper ( MLA ) on ( Four Yugas: 1-Krita  2-Treta  3-Dvepara  4-Kali ) in Hinduism religion. 

 i need ( 2.5 to 3 Pages )

 i need you to use at least 4 sources, you may use any source except for any website that ends with ( .com ) 
 you can use ( .org .edu ... etc )"	5
literature review based on survey 	"I need someone to write a literature review based on a survey that I conducted. It is mostly analyzing the survey [url removed, login to view] is 3 pages. More means more tip.  

I have attached pics of the survey. The number of participants in each question is 40 people. I also attached another paper just as an example. Feel free to use it as a reference.


Please no more than $50 offers. "	5
Write some Articles 	"write about Continuous improvement and total quality management (CI and TQM). 
i need a quick article about this subject 1000 word 
i need it in 2 hours "	5
Rewrite some Articles for me 	A 4 paper article needs rephrasing asap. SISP or IT professional preferred. English professionals with some IT knowledge are accepted.	5
logistics in E-business   	"Choose and write a report about any website inside or outside country .
What is the website?	
How website began ?
How to use this website?	
How website makes money ?

Length (max. 1200 words)
Font :Times New Roman 
Font size : 12
Line Spacing : 1.5
Table of contents
Introduction
Main Body
Conclusion
References

deadline : 5 may  ( 3 days ) 
"	5
Put an Ebook in your own Words	I am going to provide all the content from an ebook. I simply need it reworded.	4
Write 4 articles about a highly addictive browser game! Urgent!	"I need 4 articles about a highly addictive browser game to be written. Each article must be at least 500 words. The browser game is [login to view URL] ([login to view URL]) similar to [login to view URL] (if you know it).

Topic 1:
=> All about [login to view URL] 
(What is it, how to play it, requirements to play it - basically general information about the game)
There are a lot of youtubers talking about it:
Information source you could use: [login to view URL]

Topic 2:
=> [login to view URL] Strategy And Tips
Tips and Strategies to reach reaching higher [login to view URL] to play [login to view URL] more efficient.
Information source you could use:
[login to view URL]
[login to view URL]

Topic 3:
=> TOP 4 GAMES LIKE [login to view URL]
[login to view URL], [login to view URL], [login to view URL], [login to view URL]
General information about those 4 games and comparison with diep.io. How many different .io games exists and what is their content?
Sources:
[login to view URL]
[login to view URL]

Topic 4:
=> What are browser games?
General information about browser games. Variants, Flash-Games and HTML5 Games. 


Those mentioned games are very popular and a lot information can be found on the internet. You can also use youtube to gather information, all lot of youtubers are talking about these games.

All content must be unique! Bid Fast. Need Writer urgently."	5
[Report][Presentation] Domain based Enterprise System	"I need a 3000 words report on following topic.
- Domain-based ES, such as ES in finance, supply chain, accounting, healthcare, customer-relationship management, knowledge management, and outsourcing
at least two of the domains need to discussed in report.

With report, I also need a power point presentation about it

I will share a bit more detail with shortlisted candidates later. "	5
Paraphrasing about 2000 words in 5 hours	I need your help in paraphrasing some content. The paper is business related. There's 2000 words that needs paraphrasing. Documents will be shared through chat.	5
Rewrite some Articles for me 	Paraphrasing the article on the attachment file [url removed, login to view]	4
Write a Report 	"Developing Business Relationships in specific country
3000 words presented in a REPORT style format "	5
Required 30 Health Related Short Articles ReWriting	"Hi,

I required some 30 short health related articles re-writing to post on my blog.

I'll give you links and you have to rewrite that for me. each articles is related to health tips and topics. need to minimum 300 words to maximum 900 words.

let me know if you can do this.

thanks
regards
kapil
"	4
"Content Writing - ""Value"""	"I need a 400 word article on the topic of ""value"".

There are two articles I found:

- [url removed, login to view]
- [url removed, login to view]

Can you please use the two above articles to write 400 words on the topic?

Please address the following points:

- What is value?
- Why is it so powerful to understand and quantify?

The audience will be business professionals. Please - no “fluff” or filler content in this writing.

The article must be 100% ORIGINAL and will be Copyscape tested.

By submitting this article, you hand FULL owner rights over to me.  "	4
Private project for an existing freelancer.	This is a private project for an existing freelancer. This is a private project for an existing freelancer. This is a private project for an existing freelancer.	3
Rewrite 500 word article	I need 500 word article rewritten. Native speakers only.	4
Need articles rewritten - health related topics	Hi, I need articles to be rewritten in health related niche. 20 articles about 2 Clickbank products. Finish the 1st ten in 10 days and the next one also in 10 days. 	1
need to write some text of 20 word	need to write some text of 20 word	2
Rewrite 30 positive and spiritual articles for me.	"Hi,

I need some 30 articles to rewrite. the topics contains positivity, spirituality, relationships, health and self development. 

I'll give links to you and you have to rewrite them.

let me know if you can do this.

thanks
regards
"	4
Write my Product Descriptions 	I have roughly 25 products that need to have descriptions and titles created for them. I also have about another 50 that only need to have titles created. The descriptions only need to be 3-4 sentences long. One thing that I would like to be in the description is the size of the product.	1
Academic Writing about Short stature in childhood	"Write overview of 4 pages about short stature in childhood
I) Introduction (definition , occurence)
II) 1 - cause
     2- effect
     3- treatment
III) Conclusion
"	5
Proofread a short report and make it eye-catching 	"I have a short report of 500 words that needs proofreading, My rate is $5 for this task. it is very technical related to software working so you must have technical background to apply on this job. Tell me how you will do this task for me.
Happy bidding 
thanks "	4
CULTURE DIVERSITY-GROUP RESEARCH PROJECT	"3 parts are required only
1. Global knowledge
Chinese Culture In Australia
Word count: 700
2. Understanding different cultural perspectives on food and food safety
Differences between such culture in mainland China and Australia
Word count: 700
3. Research on ethnic foods from this country and on-site research in a restaurant
 Apply knowledge of Australia Environmental Health Officer (E.H.O) in terms of food safety legislation.
Word count: 700"	5
Editing a Family Genealogy Book to look visually more professional	"My mum has been working on our family history for the last 3 years. She has been writing a book on early Australian History and how it ties into my family. 

The way she has set out the book is ok, but visually it looks very amateur and needs someone with a good eye to go over it and set out the content better. I have done 20 pages in InDesign of what I want the style to look like but it takes me like an hour to do 3 pages and there are about 450 pages. 

For this project I am looking for someone that is:
- really good with InDesign
- able to read the content and make sure it makes sense 
- and can tie the images provided into the pages of the book.

Thankyou! Mat."	1
Compression Socks Pt. 2	"I would like a 1000 word article on ""The Best Compression Socks For Nurses"".  This article will require some research, and should have three to five products from Amazon to compare and contrast.  Helpful if someone knows about compression levels in socks and how it would apply best for a nurse.  Maximum project value is $30 CAD."	3
Paraphrase 	Paraphrase 4 pages , written in simple english 	3
Ghostwriter- Write 1000 word article on new medical research findings	"Hello, we need an article written and completed in the next 4 hours. Please review instructions below and if interested submit a link with your past similar completed project.

Assignment Information:

 A new study was released which examined the connection between chronic pain and anxiety disorders.  Surgeons have known for decades that a patient’s emotional health is a critical factor determining outcomes and pain relief.

Can you write a 1000 -1,200 word story as follows;

1.       Headline:  New study finds (pick #1, strongest conclusion from the study)
2.       Give the simple facts of the study and where it was published.  Remember the classic article questions:  who?, what?, where?, why? How?
3.       Do more research using Google on the link between chronic pain and anxiety disorders and mention the conclusions other researchers have found.
5.       Close with the detailed conclusions from the study itself.  So, at the beginning, you essentially provide an abstract of the study.  Give some background, quote an expert and then wrap it all up with the detailed study conclusions

Links to research study link and article:

[login to view URL]


****This assignment needs to be completed ASAP today, in 4 hours after project is awarded****


"	5
Help me write something	I need you to write some content for a website. A 3 page paper about business management and how you will make the company profitable in another country... Strategic marketing plan paper	4
Help me write something -- 4	I need you to write some content for a website.I need article on information security in organization logistics 	5
Write affiliate article 1	Write seo ready, affiliate content article.	1
new work for sraheel	contact me for the details	3
find 8 academic  references for a case study, do not write anything	find 8 academic  references for a case study, do not write anything	5
Rewrite an eBook 	Hi, I am looking for a writer to rewrite a business e-book on Productivity.	2
Edit Something 	please read the introduction carefully , all the important information I have marked in the doc. and contact me if u have any question.	5
Help me write something	I need you to write an academic [url removed, login to view] someone to complete a business assignment that requires you to complete 4 parts (1. define the project 500 words, 2. develop the project plan 2000 words 3. meetings with the project team approx 300 words 4. monitoring the project approx 500 words). This assignment gives you all the information you need to complete it. This assignment is not hard however you will need experience in business if you wish to complete it. Ill send you the assignment [The administrator removed this message due to encouraging communication outside [url removed, login to view], which breaches our Terms and Conditions - Section 13:Communication With Other Users.]	5
I need you to write a report for something.	I need you to write a report for something.	4
Development of an Authentic Assessment	"I need some one to development of an Authentic Assessment. befor you do it, 
you should know what  it is means authentic assessment.

In this assessment you will include the following: 

1.A description of the product/performance assessed.

2.A description of the subject area and grade level for which the product/performance assessment is designed. (Elementary Level) the subject is mathematics

[url removed, login to view] explanation of why an authentic assessment is appropriate for measuring learning relate to your objective(s) along with description of the purpose of the assessment.

4.A description of the person who will supply the ratings of the assessment and the setting in which the person will rate the assessment.

5. A set of instructions to the students for carrying out the assessment task and communication to students as to how their products/performances will be evaluated.

[url removed, login to view] assessment instrument based upon the set of performance/product criteria you have identified (checklist, rating scale, rubric, etc.)

"	5
Assign 2 report	Summary of Chapters 4 and 5 (textbook), EBN, and websites visited (1000 words). Explain how LEED v3 and LEED v4 differ in their structure and credits.  Pay special attention to the materials categories.	5
Academic Writing.	write about (What is your opinion of women serving in the military?) in MLA Style with 1200-1500 words within 48 hours 	5
Criminology Critical Literature Review - 1,500 words	I'd like my critical literature research portfolio to be about hate crime in the UK. Within the research proposal I'd like the way police and media respond to hate crime to be something that is focussed on in particular but I'd like there to be a lot of literature included but explored properly. I'd also like Criminology journal articles as well as newspapers, along with academic books and other platforms to be included in this review to support the research. In the document I have attached, it talks about an action plan and other work.. I only need to help with writing the 1,500 Literature review. The rest is already handled and I will worry about later. HARVARD REFERENCING IS A MUST. Should this piece of work go well, I would prefer the same person to write the extended write up for this literature review (which will be about 8,000-10,000 words) in the coming future (this is not a must and if thats not possible then its okay). Below I'll attach a short word document telling you the requirement for this literature review.	5
Hi Everyone please help me to complete my project report.	"I need you to write an academic [login to view URL] prepare a Project report which should include executive summary, table of content,introduction or backgroud, main body conclusions & references on L&T metro rail project which is still in progress in india.
i need turnitin plagiarism receipt for my work also."	5
academic writing	a broad  research	4
Write a Report 	"The research is about touch sensor based on nanomaterial. I want the research to be between 20 to 22 pages .  the research topic will be about:- 

Abstract
Introduction
Sensing strain with nanomaterials
Pressure, Force and touch sensing
Force sensor including: 
Capacitive Force Sensors
Piezoelectric Force Sensors
Pyroelectric Force Sensors 
Other types of forces sensor
Nanomaterial in Touch Screens
Exploiting Nanoparticles for Sensing Applications
Conclusion
add one or two more topic from your self 

I want it within 5 days , if you finish earlier it will be great. I want the resources to be scientific. Provide me please the link of the resource. In case the resource is from book, provide me the link of the book. If you find useful information from the articles provided use them. 
"	5
Help me write a report for the current problem of Dundee Wellgate centrum	I need you to write an academic article. 4th year business management student. I need a report of my findings are recommendations for potential solutions and implementation strategies for the current problem (2000 words). The current problem is a bad image of the shopping centre in Dundee called Wellgate. The shoppping centre has a bad image coz of their cheap shops inside and just next door is Job Centrun. There is no budget for the solutions and we can implement any strategy we believe could work or other shopping centres done. It doesn't even have to stay the shopping centre it could be completely something else as long as there is a good justification for it.	5
Write some Articles	I want a business report of around 5000 words 	5
Write a Business Plan	I require a Business plan to be done for a online application that I have created, previous experience is a MUST. I will need you to provide bullet points of what you require from me to assist in the writing of this plan. If you can also send through a sample of previous business plans that you have written it would be appreciated. You will also need to advise on how this can be monetised (i.e banner advertising etc). I will provide further details to the successful freelancer. It needs to be completed by the end of the weekend. Thanks	2
Help me write something	"I need you to write a report for something. Report about phishing for example email phisihing 

What is phishing, 

How it is done,

Why does the phisher do it and what do he gets from it 

How to protect your self from it."	5
Help me write something	I need you to write an academic article. Literature review on black feminist thought. I already have the topic introduction and outline completed	5
Content Writing 	I need 1 essays done by 12th of Dec	5
Paraphrase reservoir engineering report	A freelancer with good background in petroleum reservoir and production engineering is required to paraphrase a reservoir production eng. report. SPE materials to be included as well.	5
Interior and exterior design (home improvement) and concrete delivery	Hello to you my future freelancer, I have two websites [url removed, login to view] and [url removed, login to view] and looking for a person who would be able to write 4 articles (2 for each website) monthly at least 2500 characters long each. I will be providing editorial calendar.	1
Marketing report: Netflix's Mobile app evaluation 	Netflix's Mobile app evaluation: Analyzing an organizational mobile app. How does the website fit with organizational overall strategy and marketing mix? How is the online experience? What are the challenges, benefits and risks of using website? What would be your recommendations to the organization?	5
Write a Report 	Summary (2-3 pages) of the IoT market in 2016 (e.g. categories, major players, investors, numbers) and high-level projection into 2017	4
I need you to write an academic article. -- 2	"I need you to write an 8-page empirical research proposal on Assets Pricing using a multi factor APT model. 

You must be familiar with assets pricing, CAPM, APT, EMH and empirical research."	5
Academic Writing 	"Write a 1000-word essay on the issue given below, including relevant diagrams and references. Your answers should be word processed and presented in a professional way. 

Compare and contrast 2 early numerical models for ocean circulations given below. by answering given questions
"	5
Write a Report 	I want you to paraphrase the report ....	5
Research Writing 	Academic writing , Critique , 	5
Find and re-word articles for the News section of our website	"I need a dozen or more articles to populate the news section of our website. It is for a UK based retail electronics distributor so will focus on this sector and the retail sector.

The articles are meant to provide a bit of knowledge, but they are also for information purposes such as highlighting events the company took part in and other electronics distribution/online marketplace industry related news.

I am willing to spend $100 on the whole bunch, so taking the price into account I will award the project to person who can provide the most and high quality pieces of articles.

We can start this off by finding a bunch of other relevant articles, then re-word it to make it relevant to our website and so it doesn’t get caught up as plagiarised content. 

Experiences writers only please.

Please message me so I can show you other examples which you can use to assist you. 
"	1
part of a business plan	hello im looking for someone to do a short part of a business plan. 	2
Risk Decision Analysis 672 A3	Problem Solution. Freelancer must know probability and risk analysis.	5
Write a Business Plan 	"1. Use different techniques to identify perceived quality gaps for a selected service/product 
2. Explain  how a customer relationship management system is used in a selected organisation.
"	5
discussion  - open to bidding	n Chapter 3 of Make it Stick, the authors claim that spacing, interleaving, and variability greatly increase learning and the performance that comes from applying that learning.  Have you had a learning experience that benefited from spacing, interleaving, or variability?  How much of a difference did it make?	4
Leaders are born, not made! Do you agree or disagree?	"Topic: Leadership

Leaders are born, not made! Do you agree or disagree?

The format should be in an essay of 900-1000 Words.

With normal introduction, body and conclusion as the structure. 
You are to research current views on leadership and support your argument for or against the above with a minimum of 5 peer-reviewed articles.
You may use as examples well known leaders to justify your views.

The Marking will be allocated as mentioned in the file attached to this project.

The project is to be done by the end of 29/03/2017."	5
Get Articles Written	DUE IN 6 HOURS! I need you to write a 1200-1500 word research article on a topic about Ancient Greece.	5
technical writing 	how data analytics is used in football 	5
report writing about how data analytics is used in the retail industries  	"Literature review of 1 pages about 
-	How data analytics is used in retail industries 
Literature review of 2 pages about below data mining techniques   
-	Association rule, clustering, time series analysis, random forest 
"	5
Research Writing	"I am looking for a freelance research writer to write around 1300-1500 words explaining the differences between the research methodologies. I have a budget of £60-£80. The deadline is 8 PM today UK time.
The document should be referenced with around 6-7 scholarly works, e.g. from Google Scholar. The more recent the better, but some older ones are fine.
It should explain the differences between quantitative research, qualitative and mixed method. E.g. which one is structured/unstructured, objective/subjective, deductive/inductive, which one is suited better for what, advantages/disadvantages, etc. Also opinions about mixed method (e.g. incompatible or best of both worlds).
Include links to all your referenced works in the ""Works Cited"" section; I've uploaded a document with two paragraphs started - use that to carry on. (The ""Works Cited"" section is not included in the word count.)
The final document will be tested with Turnitin UK (lasting a few minutes only) and when it passes, payment is released immediately."	5
case study	I am looking for a freelancer to help me with my project. The skills required for an EDEXCEL  Level 7 -Strategic Human Resources Management module Case Study  and Research Writing of max 2000 words purely based on a provided module  I am happy to pay a fixed priced and my budget is $ 100 - $ 200 USD. I will provide a detailed description and will upload  files once I am happy with a freelancer	5
Write a Business Plan	I am looking for a freelancer to help me with my project. The skill required is Business Plans. I am happy to pay a fixed priced and my budget is $50 USD. I have not provided a detailed description and have not uploaded any files.	3
Write some Articles 	Need about 50 articles to be written on health.	2
Write a Report 12	"i want you to take a look at the file link I want it to get rewritten in simple English


[login to view URL]!234&H=emul&C=5_810_BN1-SKY-WAC-WSHI&ui=AR-SA&rs=en-US&wdo=2&wde=doc&wdp=3&su=3187696117662692401&ad=en-US&sc=host%3d&cy=canary&ak=t%3D0%26s%3D0%26v%3D%21AC7lMYPysl2sV0M%26aid%3D5b48ce17%2D23cf%2D43e4%2D9ef0%2Dd72dda6b192e%26m%3Dar%2D145&wdMobileHost=2"	4
Editing my work	I need some help editing some work I have done. I need for it to be expanded and for someone to look through it and add references etc. 	5
Academic essay project-Write an empirical Report 	"""Conduct a thematic analysis of an audio clip of an interview held in the Oral History of British Science archive of the British Library. Then, write an empirical report of three themes you have identified in your analysis of the interview"".
(Word limit: 1500 words (excluding title, abstract, references and appendices)


This is an academic project. please only bid if you are familiar with how to write empirical reports and thematic analysis. If you are familiar of academic essay writing, this project will suit you. I can provide all the information and and relevant material for this report. Looking for a freelancer that is also interested in long term academic writing projects. Must be affordable. Only affordable bids will be considered."	5
I would like to hire a Content Writer	I need you to write some content for a website. I need to do some content writing for a Blog/Website. Less that 400 words long. The texts should be a compelling description of what you can expect when enjoying a bike tour in Amsterdam. The content should be written in a playful and yet trusting way.	1
Health Promoting Podiatry	Health Promoting Podiatry,Nursing and Healthcare assistance 	3
$30 - $250 USD	"To write a review/summary/your understanding of the 3  different [login to view URL] of the given videos and writing the report based on the cognitive ability

Weblink of the videos:

1) [login to view URL]

2) [login to view URL]

3) [login to view URL]


Font size: 12 for text, and 14 for headings
Font type: Times New Roman/Calibri"	5
Read a textbook chapter and write a 250 word reflection (US ENG) 12- 24hr deadline	Read a textbook chapter and write a 250 word reflection (US ENG) 12- 24hr deadline.  More details via private message. 	5
Write my Product Descriptions 	im looking for a writer to write my app description for me. please make sure you are excellent in english and in product description. id like it ready in 1 hour. thank you	2
Write Me 10 Short Articles (150+ Words Each)-003	"I want to hire someone to write 10 short articles. I need at least 5 articles within next 12 hours.
•	Each article must be over 150 words
•	Must be specific to the US cities
•	Must be unique and include keywords
I’ll provide you with few examples of what kind of work I'm looking for. Please start your proposal with the code word “uscities” and let me know your price for 10 articles so that I know you’ve read the project descriptions.
"	2
Case Study	"Tourism Related
Case Study
- Crisis that affected the tourism industry in that country
- Measures taken by the NTO

"	5
Write articles -- 38895	"Hi,
I am looking for 500 words of contents written in next 1-2 hrs starting right now. The content must be written in perfect English. All work must be original and copyscape passed. Please quote your price in pmb. Ongoing work available upon completion."	2
Research Writing 	Need to write a briefing paper on a given topic. The topic is technical and specific to challenges faced by IT professionals.Minimum requirement is 1500 words	5
PPT material manufacturing! “ Grinding process “	I need you to write a Material and manufacturing subject topics “ Grinding process “ . #Mechanical Eengineering	5
small project one question	small eassy around 200 word , school level	5
small project one question 1	300 to 400 word , united state against north korea	5
I need an article about e-cigratte	I want to a writer to write an article about Vapeman STEAM ENGINE DNA75 Box Mod( It is an e-cigarette product. In addition, the write should know information concerning e-cigratte very well. this website offers some information about above [url removed, login to view]://[url removed, login to view]	1
Re-Phrasing of a technical engineering paper.	"I want an experienced writer to reduce the similarity report percentage of my upcoming paper which I have used some of my previous results with extended discussion and results too. 

The paper draft is attached in which needs further work and results to be added later. However, I need someone to work on the textual elements of it at the moment to finalise it later. 

The similarity report of the paper is attached and once the project awarded I will send you the word docx format of it. 

Experienced writers with knowledge in the field are highly preferred. 

Due date of the paper is 2 days from now. 

"	5
The UAE forieng policy	"In the introduction, I need a brief about how foriegn policy in general is formulated in the world, then the main argument will be: this paper will focus on how UAE economy in particular help formulaing the foriegn policy of UAE

Body1: explain in details about the UAE economy(internally) how it started shifting  from oil based economy to diverstificatin (clean energy/foriegn direct invesments/services/tourism/etc)

Body2: explain in details UAE economy (externally) for example how UAE is part of international economic organization as WTO , the economic ties with the Eastern countries/west in terms of economy.

Body 3: analyticcal discussion-
Discuss in analytical way how economy of UAE affect the forign policy formulation of UAE

Body4: conclusion- summary of the paper refering to the main argument

Reference
"	5
i need an essay writer	need someone to write my 1500 essay	5
Edit our company profile	Edit our company profile	1
Products description writer	I need a highly skilled products description writer 	1
Copywriting	Entry submission for red dot design. 6 products with copy points. 1200 characters max for each product	5
REGION article summaries	For the open access journal REGION ([login to view URL]) I need a writer who turns selected articles into English language summaries that demonstrate the value of the research behind the article to the general public. These press releases will be posted on AlphaGalileo (via the account of ERSA, the European Regional Science Association). The budget selected is per article. If you can also manage to get your summaries into media, this will be highly appreciated and awarded extra.	2
Help me write something	Scrittura di alcuni articoli	2
Write 5 blog posts on Instagram	"Each blog should be 700+ words must have relevant photos. 
Topic - Instagram Feed,  Instagram Theme, Instagram Stories  .....

Need 5x seo optimized blog post."	1
Writing articles on insurance in the US	"Need to write 10 articles on insurance in the US on the following topics (headlines):
1) quote a car insurance
2) car insurance categories
3) car insurance estimate online, online services overview
4) business liability insurance
5) vehicle insurance agency, Top 20
6) small business insurance
7) general liability insurance
8) business loans, where and how to get
9) car insurance price quote, a review of prices and companies
10) life insurance quotes"	1
Writer for fashion & Kids blog	Need writer for my kids fashion blog, female writer only. Native English speaksr only. M10 posts for $150	1
the Rhetorical Analysis	it is a work about Rhetorical Analysis. 	4
Help me edit my Cv and cover letter	Hi ,I need a Experienced person help me to edit my Cv and a new cover letter. Thanks	1
Creative Writing	"Hello,

I need a creative writer to write a short essay, approximately 300 words to describe specific neighborhoods. There will be 6 total short essays.

Please use your own words, no plagiarism, and make it interesting for the reader.

Thank you for checking this project.
DennyPlease provide 2-3 samples of your writing"	1
Apartment Website SEO Content and Blogs	Looking for a weekly blogs with SEO focus on Renting Apartments in Edmonton, Alberta Canada	1
essay	write an essay 4000 -5000words	5
Paraphrase the Attached Document. 	I would like the document attached to be paraphrased and summarized in order to reduce the number of pages. 	5
Script Writing 	Mobile Application Video Presentation.	3
Write New SEO friendly website content 	"IMPORTANT: (PLEASE READ BEFORE YOU BID)

Industry: Trucking & Logistics. 
Location: Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
Business Name: Saikley Transport Inc. 
# of web pages: 12 Pages ( home - about - services - ship - carrier - contact ). 
Writers Experience: Must be able to write SEO American/Canadian English with American/Canadian sentence structure. 
Total number of words: +/- 4000 words

Note: 
I am looking for a content writer who can create new content and paraphrase existing content for my business website. I have attached a site map identifying the various sections with the approximate number of written words that are required.  The writer must be able to do some minor research to understand the subject at hand. I will provide you with competitor websites which you can use as a reference. Also, you will be given access to our new website to understand the sitemap.

Please ask me questions if you don't understand the instructions below. 

Also attached, you will find content written by another freelancer who did not produce quality content. I ended up rejecting his work.

SEO Key Words: it doesn't matter what order you use.

Trucking Company Ottawa 
Logistics Company Ottawa 
Shipping Company Ottawa 
Freight Company Ottawa
Hauling equipment in Ottawa 
Trusted Trucking in Ottawa 
less than a truckload in Ottawa 
truckloads in Ottawa 

READ ALL ATTACHED INSTRUCTIONS"	1
Proof Reader	I have a 900 word essay written in WORD.  I need an United States English Proofer. I would like to have to returned in 48 hours.	5
professional resume needed 	I need a professional Resume for job applications. I have a rough draft outline. 	1
Concrete constituents and mix design -- 2 - 	"You are required to answer all questions:
1) In concrete production, compaction has to be done properly to ensure the
concrete has the potential to achieve its design strength and of good qualify of
concrete. Explain the purpose of compaction and discuss the effects to the
concrete if the compaction were not carried out properly.
(500 words)
2) The use of recycled materials and secondary aggregate in the UK is increasing as
the construction industry seeks to become more sustainable. Building materials
such as concrete are a key resource for building a sustainable society and the
industry have a responsibility to protect the climate and secure the resources for
the future.
Below are some of the recycled materials that has been widely used in the
industry and others have been widely researched. They are:
I.) Recycled aggregate (RA)

III.) Recycled concrete aggregate (RCA)
For each of the selected item, describe, analyse and critically evaluate how of these
recycled materials affect the performance of concrete in (include diagrams, graphs
and tables to illustrate your work):
a) Fresh properties (workability, segregation, cohesiveness)
1000 words in total (500 words for each of the recycled materials)
b) Hardened properties (strength, durability, etc)
1000 words in total (500 words for each of the recycled materials)

Word processed on one side of A4 paper with 1.5 spacing and Ariel font of 12
 Pages should be numbered
 Present your word count after answering each question"	5
Paraphrase, review and edit blog post	"Hi,
I need someone to review the draft article I wrote, paraphrase and edit making it more engaging and interesting. I will publish in a high traffic blog so it has to be much better. The deadline is tomorrow."	1
Write a short kids story	"I am looking for a writer who can create a short kids story for a project that I'm working on. 

Story Requirements:
- 1,200 Words (send me a synopsis of 100 words first) 
- Kids age 3-5 years
- Main character - girl named Sophia 
- Secondary character - a giraffe 
- Story needs to include playing Hide & Seek at a Birthday party 

Story needs to teach these values: 
- Be nice and respectful to your friends
- Don’t give up 

If interested in the project, please send me a sample of your writing. If I like your sample, I will ask for a 100-word synopsis. 

My budget is $150-$250. Once we agree on a final price, please do not ask me to pay you more. I can add on a tip if I'm really happy with the work but if you explicitly ask me for a tip, I will not add it on and my rating of your work will be lower. I'm just trying to be transparent.   
"	1
Write some articles about a debt collection agency	The project comprises writing 5 articles, 300-words each, about commercial and medical debt collections. The idea is to get prospectives learn about a debt collection agency we work with. The articles need to follow specific SEO criteria that we will release after selection (keyphrases, location, and number of appearances). The articles must pass Copyscape and Grammarly tests. Native English speakers - and particularly US-based writers -  will be given much consideration. 	1
Writer Wanted	Article (max. 1,800 words) about learning and development for a professional association's monthly magazine issue.	1
Website content 	Need to fill up the content of my new website. Looking for someone who knows how to write in innovative and chill style. This is for outsorcing company. 	1
Write 20 Articles 250 words each using 5 keywords	"I am looking someone to Write 20 Articles 250 words each using 5 keywords.
I can hire multiple freelancers.

Need it to be done asap 
"	1
Resume Review (Build)	I am a senior financial/credit analyst looking to revamp my resume	1
Cleaning company looking for a copywriter	I am looking for copywrite as i need to rewrite one page of the infomation.	1
Looking for a professional ghostwriter	"Hi,

I'm looking for a professional ghostwriter. You need to have a great idea about the following subjects:
1. Cryptocurrency 
2. Trading 
3. Technical Analysis 
4. Business 
5. Enterpuership 

This project is for 3 blog posts (with 750 words for each).

** Must Be NATIVE ENGLISH speaker
"	2
Edit and proof read document	Look for someone who is good at writing compelling marketing content. I have a drafted out 6 points on one-page flyer but need someone to do their magic and make it sounds compelling for people to use us when buying or selling a home. We will you to do a monthly blog on the real estate in Orlando, Florida.	1
Write article about cryptocurrency exchange	Write article about specified cryptocurrency exchange, with specified keywords,  7500 words at least	4
I need article reworded and rephrased	I have an article i need reword and rephrased. Around 1,400 words. This is a small funded project	2
Rewrite the paragraphs in computer fild	"I have a file in computer information system field and i nead to rewrite it  by another words and with the same meaning 
To do this task u must be an a computer information system field.... firstly u must rewrite one paragraph to see the quality of ur work"	4
Help me write something	"This a four paper to write about battery adadvancement. It should Include an abstract, background details, applications and a conclusion to your paper.
Paper should include 2-3 sources, and should thoroughly explain the topic and why it is important."	5
Paper Extract for telecom engineer.	I would like to have 4 page paper extract of attached paper.	5
I need a professional CV writer fix price for 92.58$	I need a professional CV like attached PDF 	1
Impact Assessment 	Impact Assessment proj in local environment.	4
Article Writers Needed: Business services, logistics, engineering topics	"We're looking for 6 writers to write regular 500 word blog posts on a variety of topics. Lots of work available (50+ articles per month)

Categories are: Business processes, marketing, logistics, manufacturing, engineering

These are blog posts for marketing purposes. The writing doesn't need to be particularly technical, but you must have the ability to conduct thorough research and write convincingly for the target audience. Looking for a concise writing style (no fluff/filler) and good communication. These are for UK companies, so you will need to use British spelling, grammar and research sources.

Budget is £15 per 500 word article

Please base your bid on your monthly availability in number of articles.

e.g. 10x articles p/m: £150
4x articles p/m: £60
20x articles p/m: £300

Thanks! I look forward to hearing from you

PROJECT GUIDELINES - PLEASE READ CAREFULLY
- NATIVE LEVEL FLUENT WRITTEN ENGLISH
- ORIGINAL WRITING ONLY: No plagiarism, copying or content spinning
- INDEPENDENT WRITERS ONLY: No agencies. No subcontracting
- NO NEGOTIATING ON FEES: The budget is set. Please don't bid if you can't work with it
- NO FAKE PROFILES: Please be open and transparent about your identity, skills, work history etc

We've had several negative experiences on this site. The project will be immediately cancelled and payment forfeit if you breach these guidelines. Thanks for your understanding.

"	1
managing IS strategy and security risk	I need you to write about managing IS strategy and security risk	5
English writer and re-writer	"Need a website content to create text content for tourism related subject matter and also:
a specific service website content writer and creator: from scratch.
You will create content 1. for 7 pages. 2. For 10. pages. Start from SERVICE website first."	1
Rewrite 350 Words	I have 350 words I need to pass copyscape. I have rewritten 3/4 of it but some of the phrases catch. Need perfect quality and fast turnaround.	5
Essay 500 words -- 3	I need you to write an essay/ 500 words.	5
need articles about user testing / ux design	"Please bid for 3 articles, each articles need to be illustrate with images free of right,  all article must be originals and we will own the rights.
Each articles must be between 400 and 600 words.
If you feel that an article can have more words than 600, let em know and i'll give you extra budget.
If you have subjects of articles, you can suggest them to me and i'll hire you to write them, so you can do more. But i already have my own list of subject."	1
Healthcare info	2000 words 	5
re-Write 3 x articles	"HI guys - I need to have 3 articles that are posted online 
read, and re-written
so that we have good quality content as a result - 
but not plageurised. 

Reading, re-writing in a different tone and voice etc. 

these are the articles 

Are Influencers Worth Your Money? We Went Undercover to Find Out.
[login to view URL]


Tim Ferriss, Gary Vaynerchuk and More Share What Will Make Businesses Successful in 2018
[login to view URL]

The Importance of Making Sure Customers Feel Heard
[login to view URL]

Could you please include examples of other research or writing you have done. 
thanks
Walt PLEASE MAKE SURE YOUR BID IS FINAL"	1
Project writing	I have to write a project. I have all the source from where it needs to be written (so a major headache is taken care of). Also, I have a sample ready how it needs to be written. You can either follow the sample or add something extra from the sources (that will be great). If you are interested in this let me know and we can discuss about this further.	4
create a 300 words blog	i want someone to write a 300 words blog with apa style reference	5
intrinsic value of bitcoin.	"is it possible to use traditional theories to find the intrinsic/fundamental value of Bitcoin? if not, why not? what are the other valuation tools if any?

 - use hots not lots (in ppt)
 - pls show me the ideas first"	5
Business report 	Research business report writing 	5
A Great Reference Letter	"HI everyone,

I would like to write a great reference letter for my staff, I need it in one day. Thanks 
Points :
- My Staff is a lady
- She never late
- Hard Working
- Willing to learn even she never did before
- This is her first job after graduation
- Nice and very Good EQ
- Good communication with customers
- Her main job duties is my asistant and help customer to solve problem on flower ordering
- We are a flower shop

Thank you all

"	1
help to correct the style for our company overview	"i need somebody that can help me to correct a text in a perfect english with a marketing style for our linkedin profile.

At Blockbliss, we believed that by the use of Blockchain technologies we can generate solutions that  transforms the organizations and individuals creating a world more open and agile.

we are a full-stack development team passionate about innovation and the success of our customers and partners.

Our process and methodologies are designed to increase the quality and speed of our solutions and the satisfaction of our customers.

Blockbliss bring your ideas to life.
"	1
Proofread, Copyedit, Content Edit my book	I would like to (self) publish my second poetry book and I need an experienced editor to help me out with editing, proofreading, copywriting, content writing my book. English is not my native language, however, the book is in English. The main themes of the book are cosmic objects, love, deep inner experiences.	1
Editing/proofreading of 1,540 words article + extension to 3,000 words	"Hi all,

We are looking for an english native proofreader/editor to improve an existing blog post related to Pets (see attached) and extend it from 1,540 words to 3,000+ words. To be clear here is what we are looking for:

- Fix syntax, punctuation and grammatical errors from existing content
- Write an additional 1,500 words of content, keeping a relevant tone and the existing topic of the article
- The article should pass CopyScape and other plagiarism tools
- No rushed delivery, up to 7 days is acceptable
- Best quality at a competitive price

This is a test project, we have 100+ articles to proofread and extend like this, so please bid competitively :)

Thanks!

Cedric"	1
I need content writer for china dinnerware brand blog	We're online seller of fine china dinnerware. We just have our official website built up where we have a brand blog. We're looking for experienced writer to write some interesting and valuable content for our blog which we can share to our official social media channels.	1
Blockchain Articles	"I need you to write 3 articles on Blockchain topics-

 ""If Block Chain and AI had a baby, what would it look like?"" 

I think this address 2 interesting challenges; 1. Businesses don't really know WHY they should get started on block chain when they already have such complex environments, and 2. Business don't know HOW to get started in AI (perhaps other than calling IBM and asking for Watson). So, what does the combination mean and does it offer a compelling reason for both? 

What is the value of a Private Blockchain within one organization? 

What are alme new and innovative ways of using Blockchain? 


2 pages for each question  "	3
Business Research and Comparative writing	"I need some help with my business. Seeking a highly skilled individual to assist with knowledge sharing and report writting of the cooperative - Mondragon from an ethics perspective (Normative theory). 

Evidence of experience is required. English as a first language need only apply. 
Approximately 2 hours work."	1
Proofreading- English USA	I need a professional who can do proofreading, US English, i prefer Amaerica. 	2
Resume Creator	I'm looking for someone to take my resume and turn it into a job magnet. I've included my old one here, if you think you can make it better please tell me why this one is wrong and how you can make it better.	1
I need a grant writer	I am the CEO of a nonprofit pregnancy center and need a grant written. needs to be submitted by 4/25/18.	1
Resume Writing	Need a resume writer who can review my resume and write in again to make it more effective in the Australian market. I think it needs a complete overhaul :-)	1
financial institutional	"artical
should cover the origination/history of the organization, its purpose/major lines of business, its exposure and role in the financial crisis of 2008, any changes that came as a result of the crisis and recent developments or disposition."	5
US native Proofreader wanter 238 words	"Hello need to check to grammar, spelling errors small page
adult niche
Payment 12$
thank you"	1
Business Ethics	I need a report about a known ethical issue and how did the company deal with it, who did it effect, and what do I think about it and how should they solve it. I need it to be from 1500 word to 2000 max, not more than 10 days until due date.	5
Help me write something -- 10	I need you to write a research article. Role of digital media in shaping Obama care . ( 2000 words )	5
write a professional business proposal - 29/04/2018 15:21 EDT	"a draft will be provided , you're expected to edit , add more content and organize the proposal. 
I need 2 versions of the same proposal (details will be shared privately)  

DON'T bid if you're going to do the bare minimum . i expect a professional proposal"	2
Blog Articles about CPM scheduling and claims analysis for construction.	I need you to write some articles about CPM scheduling and claims analysis for construction. No automatic generated contents. I need someone who have some knowlege in construction project management or project management in general. For example, have PMP or PMI-SP.	5
write article	blog articles in English. I will provide guidance, topics and highlights	2
Write a professional resume for a esl English Teacher	I need someone to help design and write me a very professional looking and sounding resume.	1
Resume editing to deliver a stand-out, professional CV	I am a professional marketer and need my CV bringing to life to showcase my experience, creativity and business development skills. It is too wordy and repetitive at present and needs editing.	1
Blog post for a retire overseas website	"Hi, 

I want someone to write blog post for our website to help generate traffic. The website is [login to view URL] and we run tours for people to retire in Asia.

There will be around 1 blog post per week between 300-600 words about a cost of living or retiring in asia project.

Cheers
Kishen"	1
editor copy writer	I have drafted an article that requires editing and perhaps some copy writing to make it better. Probably about half hour if that with your natural skills.	1
proofreading	I write articles that I would like to publish and need to make sure there are no typos and the grammar is correct.	1
Create a formal letter to state	I need to create a short letter to a past client to convince them to use by services again. This letter is being sent to the state attorney general, so it has to read correct and be accurate. I need help with proper language and presentation.	1
Write an SEO content article for our website - Must Visit Mayan Ruins near Cancun	"We are [login to view URL]

We are an up and coming vacation rental company focusing on Hawaii, Mexico, and the Caribbean. We are looking for writers with experience writing content for the travel & vacation industry. Through this (and other) mini-projects we would like to find writers to continue working with on a more permanent basis. So, if the content submitted to us is engaging, original, and well written, we may be interested in hiring you for larger content projects in the future.

For this mini-project we require an article written about Must Visit Mayan Ruins near Cancun. 

The article should be 1000+ words long.  And the article should be written in ""US English"".

The target audience for this article is:
30-65 year olds
Married
Annual income bracket $50,000+ USD 
In other words; avoid topics like ""hostels"", ""spring break"", ""backpacking vacations"", et cetera (things that would not interest these demographics).

Content should include information about:
- a good example of what we are looking for can be found here: [login to view URL]
- The top ruins to visit while in Cancun.  This can be a ""top 5"" or ""top 10"" list type article.
- Be descriptive!  Describe WHY each ruin is a must see; what they have to offer that other do not, why would someone go out of their way to tour these ruins, ect.
Please be SPECIFIC in your content; give lots of details and use lots of description.  Citing outside sources for the information would not hurt either (you do not need to create the links, we can do that if you are unsure how).  

Here is a list of the top 10 articles, as ranked on google, for the keyword phrase ""Cancun Mayan Ruins"", to assist your research:
1. [login to view URL]
2. [login to view URL]
3. [login to view URL]
4. [login to view URL]
5. [login to view URL]
6. [login to view URL]
7. [login to view URL]
8. [login to view URL]
9. [login to view URL]
10. [login to view URL]

Keywords to be included in the body of the text: Mayan ruins, Quintana Roo, Yucatan, Cancun, Playa Del Carmen, vacation rentals

More SEO keyword phrases to consider (not required, but having a few of these phrases would be nice!):  
ek balam, mayan ruins in mexico, archaeological site, main pyramid, ruins of tulum, chichen itza, day trip, hours from cancun, mayan cities, unesco world heritage site, ancient mayan city, nohoch mul, full day, el rey, el castillo, cancun hotel zone, xel ha, temple of the warriors, caribbean sea, guided tour

Please do not forget to add a ""conclusion"" on your content (a paragraph at the end of the content summing up what was discussed in the main body content)."	1
Resume Writing	Hello. I have a current resume (written well). But I need to update to fit a different line of work. Can you assist? I can send the the job posting that I am trying to get. My resume (currently) is written for a manager of technology. What I need is for business development.	1
Photography website content	"Hi everyone,
I'm looking for a professional writer to create about me and landing pages for my photography website.

- Must be native English writer.
- Excellent wording skills.
- Knowledge of photography.

Please take a look at the rules of that type of writing before you bid:
[login to view URL]
[login to view URL]

Thank you all."	1
Help me write something	Help write a rebuttal letter to imigration services department to explain the inconsistency during the interview due to language barrier and memory retention limit! I have  drafted a letter with the explanation but i need a professional writer to make this letter look formal and professional.	1
Proofreading & Improving game dialog and additional text	"Hello,
we are looking for a native english speaker who has experience in proofreading and improving game dialogs and additional game related text. Only for experienced proofreaders with video game experience.

The attached file show the whole amount of text."	1
Write Some Articles for Me	"I need some articles written for my [login to view URL] should be professional and encouraging with some author\'s opinion so readers will respond and leave comments. The articles should be about interesting ideas and be original content.

Please message me if you have any questions,"	1
Write Articles for perfume eCommerce Blog	I need someone who can publish between 4 articles monthly on a blog about perfumes, the articles should be rich of SEO, and need to be attractive articles and not clone..	1
Copywriting for website	"Hi,
I am looking for someone who could writ perfect English texts for my website. Can you help me? I guess it neet between 3000 - 4000 words."	1
I need a content writer	I have a small online bussines (shop) that promote handmade and organic clothes and accessories. Our suppliers are people who work as a designers and small manufacturers from all over the world. We dont promote products from China or big manufactures, but only from people who love to create quality products. 	1
Content Writing	"1000 words 
CSR 
Quality work 
ASAP"	5
A bio/About/Company Description written for a creative Agency	"I am wanting a BIO/About/Company Description written up for me to use for my website. 

It should not be longer than a paragraph or two. It will need to be well written, creative and fun.

The Company is called: Bloom Creative Agency. (I would love to play around with the word bloom here and there in the About/Description of the company)

Company Tag Line: The heart of Media.

This is a brief explanation of the company , but I would like more meat on this/ it needs to be fuller. 

Bloom offers a combination of strategy, design, advertising and production services to its clients.
It is lead by creative professionals and is defined by three main factors: its services, employees and values.
​Bloom aims to create, maintain and evolve brands.

Thank you, 
A"	1
Rewrite 500 words in 1 hour	This is a simple rewrite project. I have 500 words that needs to be rewritten in 1 hour. this pays 750 INR.  so, Apply only if you can rewrite in 1 hour for 750 INR.	3
Ongoing web blog and web content writing	Looking for a native English writer who is familiar with massage therapy, traditional Chinese medicine, acupuncture etc. Write the blog and content for my website, make e-newsletter once every three months. 2 to 3 articles per month. Should be SEO friendly.	1
I would like to hire an Article Writer - Baby Photography	"I'm the owner of a small family business that does e-commerce.  I'm looking to create an ~20 page  ebook which I'm estimating at about 7500-7800 words in length.  
The Subject matter should be tips and tricks and how to successfully photograph newborns and babies.  
The audience for this book will be both professional photographers, some who photography babies already and many who don't typically, as well as parents of newborns, who would like to capture some great pictures of their new baby.
This ebook will be used as an incentive for people to sign up for my mailing list for baby photography products.

A few areas I think need to be covered include:
possible camera settings (perhaps this suggests one setting for the rookie photographer, and another for the pro.  (i.e. the rookie setting could be auto - portrait where the camera does the best settings for the situation.  The Pro could be, shutter speed of X.   Also cover indirect Lighting, avoiding build in flash from camera if possible.  Timing (When is the best time to photograph a baby - i.e. after a feeding is usually ideal as the baby will be sleepy), photographing when sleeping, and when awake.  Getting babies to smile.  (tricks, one I know of is if the baby has a pacifier, quickly remove it and put it by you and the baby will suddenly typically focus on what happened and where the pacifier went.  Take the photo, then return the pacifier.  You can usually do this 5-6 times for some really good shots.  Scott Kelby books are really good from a style and detail standpoint. (They may also have some great info)  Obviously I'm looking for an original work.
Looking for this to be completed in the next 2-3 weeks if at all possible. Thanks for your consideration."	1
I need a short pitch/press release about my app	I need to write a pitch/press release about my app. covering who we are, why we did it, the problem it solves, the different aspects of the app, the goals we have in mind, where we look to go with it from here.	1
Require a blog writer	I require a blog writer to write blog for wedding dress website, 1-2 article per month, topic will be provided but the person needs to be good at SEO, keyword search.	1
Write a script for a one-minute explainer video for a technology company	"Hi, we are a video agency producing animated videos for companies looking to explain their product or services. 

In this case we need a script for a traditional explanation video, with a length of about one-minute (± 100 - 130 words) that explains a technological service.

Please let me know your price and if possible give some example of previous work. Looking forward to finding someone for continued collaboration."	1
Help me write something	need a personal editor to fix and edit my personal statement.	5
Create content for my internship website	"I'm creating a new company based on recruiting summer/winter short term interns from Korea, China, Japan, and other foreign countries. I need about 8-10 pages of content for the company website. 

Content should be original, and be attractive to potential university partners, intern candidates and companies willing to hire interns. 

Websites for similar services: 
[login to view URL]
[login to view URL]
[login to view URL]
[login to view URL]"	1
Cover letter for job application - with likely more projects offerred to the right person	"I am applying for a property manager postion and would like help with writing the perfect 1 to 2 page cover letter which will be sent in with my resume. The letter must shine so that it takes me to the next level of the recruitment process. If you have experience with writing top notch cover letters, please contact me.
The strictest of confidence is essential, and a description of the job advertisement and resume will be provided to assist with the letter writing.
This is a fixed USD15 project to write a professional job application cover letter only. The right person will get ongoing cover letter writing projects until I gain successful employment!"	1
Resume Edit	I have created this resume & am looking for professional expertise to improve anything that will increase chance of getting selected for interviews etc.	1
Marketing Essay -- 2	I need you to write a research article.	5
create a professional resume	"I need someone how can make a professional resume and CV to get a job here in the US
I graduated from Bussiness administration my Major is "" Accounting""
 I need it to looks good for the recruiters"	1
Website Content Writing  for IT Service Desk	"We are looking for a website content writer in the IT space with experience writing around Service Desk or Technical Support - ITIL Operations exposure or knowledge would be helpful.

5 pages or so"	1
Write 20 articles on health, fitness and wellness	"We are a physiotherapy clinic and Pilates studio, and need 20 blog articles relating to our industry on our website. Topics could include:
- Why physiotherapy is important before and after surgery
- How Physiotherapy and Pilates is a good combination for rehabilitation
- How Pilates can help back pain
- Difference between yoga and Pilates
- Pain management
- General topics around exercise, wellness and nutrition"	1
Write description of our product on website	We are looking for a great writer to write an amazing description of our product using the keywords we provide to optimize SEO.(THIS IS NOT SEO WORK) We are looking for someone who can write the contents.	1
Resume Writing	I am an International Policy Analyst with over 10 years of experience and I have moved to the US for a Job that I am thinking about leaving. I need to redo my CV for two job applications with multilateral institutions on monday. I need help to make it more accomplishments and skill focused. Attached is the CV I already heve.	1
Content Writer for our Restaurant Client	"We are looking for an SEO capable content writer for a local restaurant. Content must be unique and native to the location.

Their old site is a flash site and the content is very thin. We will share the site with our freelancer so they can have some sort of an idea of the place. Just know that the content on the restaurant is very thin. 

We need content for the following (and are open to your suggestions):

Home Page (1000 words minimum)
Steakhouse (500-600 words minimum)
Seafood (500-600 words minimum)
Sports Bar (500-600 words minimum)
About Us (500-600 words minimum)"	1
Write an Article for Website	I need someone to write a short article for my website.	1
Homepage Copywriter	"I am looking for an excellent copywriter to create the copy for my homepage.  We need help converying our service and benefits in a succinct way, this is where you come in!

please take a look at [login to view URL] and feel free to chat so we can give more details.  Must be a native English speaker ideally from the UK (The copy must be in UK English)."	1
Review CV, cover letter and job description for academic position	"Hi, 
I need someone with strong expertise and experience in this area to review my already written cv and cover letter, and just provide feedback and some recommendations for improvement. I consider myself a strong writer, but just want a second set of eyes to review (with this type of specific experience). I would not expect this to take more than 1 hour, as this does not require creating anything from scratch. 

I am looking for someone who has at least several years of experience in resume and cover letter writing. If interested, please send a proposal of the cost as well as any helpful information about your resume writing experience. 

Thanks!"	1
Copy - Paste from site and write content 	"I have uploaded 8 research studies on my wordpress site,can you transfer them to word document and include the content for each study,at the end I need all of them 8 copies in word document and PDF,All of them should be in Harvard style and standard, Note that I don’t have word copy only on site!
"	5
COPY WRITER	I HAVE A MEDICAL WEBSITE. I HAVE A DRAFT OF WHAT I WANT TO SAY BUT WOULD LIKE TO REFINE IT WITH AN EXPERT COPY WRITER. there are approximately 5 pages of A4 text	1
Content writer for leading Australian tech product retailer	"We are seeking a passionate, confident, SEO savvy and professional content writer to produce a series of 5 initial articles / blogs for us (from 500 to 2000 words each). 

All articles will need to be well researched and suitable for an Australian market. They will be checked for plagiarism and all references should be included.

After this initial series, we'd be looking to maintain a long-term relationship with the right writer, and produce one blog / article per week, if topics ideas can be agreed, plus case studies and more.

Our website is at: [login to view URL]

This will give you a good idea of the products / subjects you'd be writing about.

A couple of the first content ideas are:
1. How to future-proof your house when renovating or building. (This is from a networking and cabling perspective)
2. What are the differences between Cat 5e, Cat 6 and Cat 7?

Please provide your rate for on-going work and samples of appropriate work."	1
Article Post	I am here looking for someone who can post something for me.	3
Create a list of Vietnam tourist attractions and their 30-40 words descriptions	"[login to view URL] is travel portal for tourist to self organize their local trips.
Tourists see a list of local tourist attractions wit pictures and descriptions. They select what they would like to visit by car,  when and after a while they got number of offers from drivers and guides.
We need a list of Vietnam attractions to be added to tripamigos. Please see [login to view URL] for examle of Bali attractions and [login to view URL] for Rajasthan attractions.To be more precise we need 150 best Vietnam tourist attractions with unique content."	1
Need an article	Need an article. The topic is for you to choose, however it should be about law and blockchain or about UK Law Commission Starts Major Smart Contract Scoping Study	5
3 Threats faced by the technologies and the respective strategies used to secure them	I need you to write a research article.	5
project proposal	"I need someone who can help me to write land award proposal to government for agriculture purpose.

1. we plan to apply 40acres of agriculture land

2. we plan to plant fast harvest plant like vegetable, fruit (research on fast harvest plant is needed to convince government) 

3. stated some reason of why government should reward the said land to us. (E.g increase working opportunity)

our land requiremtns 
1. 40acres or above
2. near liver stream 
3. flat land"	1
News Release Article Writer	"I manage a small  digital marketing firm and I am loooking for an article writer who can create news release articles to be published on abc, cbs, nbc and fox news affiliate sites via press release.

We would prefer the articles be news worthy topics where our clients are featured/quoted as an expert on the subject.

We need the news release article writer to help come up with ideas and angles for each article.

It would be an added bonus if you are familiar with divvyhq content management platform.

Thank you"	1
Write me a great blog article	"I am launching a new medical reviews website and would like to publish blogs on the website regularly. I am looking for 2-3 blog writers with clear, grammatically-perfect written English skills to deliver 7-8 blog articles every month. The blogs should be written in an easy, conversational tone that readers find interesting and informative. The subjects will vary from medical topics to health and lifestyle. All blog content needs to be original content, written and published exclusively on our blog. 

Please bid/pitch for this project If you are able to deliver 7-8 blog articles per month on a long-term basis. Our budget is $35 per article. 

I would like to start with 1 article to identify the right contributors for this long-term project. First Blog Article topic: 5 Risks Women Face When They Don't Get Regular Health Check-Ups (700-800 words)"	1
Academic writing, article section writing, literature review for scientific research papers	I need a professional writer who can quickly compose a high-quality introduction and literature review section for academic research papers. Topics are in neurobiology and medical imaging. The typical length of a chapter - 400-700 words. Absolutely plagiarism-free (that will be checked electronically), with a full bibliography and naturally in good academic English. Task will require full access to PubMed sources.	5
Help with Research	Help researching and writing a 75 page Research paper. This project is important to me because I plan on starting my own business and need this to be thoroughly completed.	1
i need a copywriter	"Need a copywriter to look at some pages of our website and rewrite in a more strong manner the content of some pages of the website.
i don't know how much it is yet, but some pages are already finished and need just to be rewritten and checked."	1
Report of 2500 words	"Report of 2500 words on any local company from Australia with a strategic analysis 

Hello freelancers,

I need one report asap but not for the higher bidders. Small project small budget.
I need to write a strategic analysis report of 2500 words. This report should demonstrate that has thoroughly researched their topic. The freelancer should use examples of business practice from the scholarly journals papers, conferences, books and professional magazines from an Australian background to support their arguments. The strategic analysis will be on a local company from Australia. The report consists of two parts and should cover the following requirements:  
 PART 1  (External analysis) 

1. Business background 
2. What industry is it?  
3.	General environment analysis (economic, physical, sociocultural, global, technological, political/legal and demographic – and work out what the important facts are). 
4.	The industry environment ((i.e., supplier power, buyer power, potential entrants, substitute products and rivalry among competitors) and explain briefly what is significant for each). 
5.	Competitive environment (Is there a strategic group that you need to take account of? What is the rivalry like in this group? What capabilities do the relevant firms have? What strategies do they follow? What threats do they represent?) 
6.	Opportunities and threats 

PART 2 (Internal analysis and proposal) 
1.	The firm’s resources, tangible and intangible 
2.	Capabilities identification (explain the capabilities carefully to indicate what the firm really does.) 
3.	Core competency analysis (For each capability, indicate which of the four tests for a core competency it meets).  
4.	Propose a suitable information system solution that meets the chosen company needs. 
5.	Evaluate the proposed system and provide your recommendations"	5
security principle case study	"This continuous assessment activity will be based on the following case study:
Verizon 2017, Data Breach Digest: Perspective is Reality, 'An Executive Doxxing Match', pp. 21-22, [login to view URL]
Answer the following questions in relation to the case study:
1.	Describe the attack that occurred according to the ontological components specified in Mouton et al (2016).
2.	Propose and justify potential mitigations for this type of attack, with consideration of people, process and technology factors.
3.	Discuss key elements of a response plan for this type of attack, with consideration of people, process and technology factors.
Mouton, F, Leenen, L and Venter, H S 2016, ‘Social engineering attack examples, templates and scenarios’, Computers & Security, vol. 59, pp.186-209.


HARVARD REFERENCING STYLE.
TOTAL 1000 WORDS (CAN BE +10%)"	5
Digital Art (Projection Mapping) Research	I would need someone who is reliable and have the knowledge in Digital Art (Project Mapping) to write for me a research paper. If you're keen, I would send you the criteria required.  The deadline is in about 10 days.	5
Write a report that describes laptop/desktop	Please see attached file for details	5
Glocalisation	Essay writing on Glocalisation, globalisation.....	5
information systems 	I need you to write some content for case study about information systems and digital firms 	5
Company Report	"Select a business around RMIT campus (The bean Project) and to provide the senior management of that company with a detailed report analysing and recommending appropriate Digital Marketing strategies.

This option is a more traditional piece of business writing. In this task, you are required to select a small or medium-sized business (SME) of your choice, then write a business report, analysing and recommending appropriate Digital Marketing strategies. The intended audience for this report is the senior management of the company that you have selected - assume that the reader has limited knowledge of current Digital Marketing trends. Although not a requirement, you are strongly encouraged to be in direct contact with the business you are writing for."	5
Help me write something	I need you to write a research article. Servant leadership is better than model of leadership	5
Answers to the questions( Essay type)	I need you to write answers to the questions..	5
I need a writer	"Hi, I am a student from Czech Republic and applying for Australian univeristy.  I need to get done the Genuine Temporary Entrant - Intention Letter for my visa application.

I need to answer on those 6 quesitons, on each question by atleast 100 words:

Please explain why did you decide to come to Australia.*

Why did you choose to study in Australia instead of studying in your home country?*

Why did you chose to study this course at this school?

If you have prviously studied in Australia or in your home country, how does this new course relates with your previous studies or professional background?

How will this course help you once you go back to your home country? How will this course benefit your future career goals?*

What are your motivations to go back to your home country after finishing this course? Please mention family, social and financial ties to your home country. Do you have any job offer or business plan? Please explain and if possible please provide documents supporting the statement.*"	5
E Book Project	I have been writing short articles on railways to a few rail journals and now wish to collate these articles and have them published in electronic format hopefully in Amazon.com. I need to have my manuscript formatted to fit in with Amazon's requirements.	1
english project	"read the attached opinion piece from the ""Grade Point"" column published 9/17/17 in the Washington Post. After reading it carefully, compose a response (1,000 words, max) that could be sent to the author, Jeffrey Selingo,"	4
review in internal corporate governance and audit quality	LR in internal corporate governance and audit quality	5
CV reshape	"Looking for a job and need someone to help with my CV rewritten. 
Not sure how to includ the right words and sentences. 
Not been in the market for almost 2 years now (had a baby) must put best chances on the right cv shape."	1
management powerpoint project	management research project. You will select a company and follow that company for the entire semester and give 3 presentation analytical reviews  on business elements of that organization.	5
About me page /Privacy page	"My business is a personal coaching business. I am a Life and Success coach and would like to share my story and influence people to come to me for their coaching needs. 

I would like to help people in transition points, mindset work, and with their careers.  I am also looking for a privacy page.

I need someone to write content for my new page on my website. 
It will be about my story and what got me to be a life coach and what i would like to offer people

Its a personal coaching business that focuses on Life coaching and business success

I know what i want to say but i dont know how to put it in words and make it attract clients"	1
Book report on “Move fast and Break things”	"Looking for a book report written on the about the book 
Move Fast and Break Things: How Facebook, Google, and Amazon Cornered Culture and Undermined Democracy. 
 Must be 1200 words or more.  4 subtopics- 300 words each.
Due Sunday September 23, 2018"	5
Data mining Report Writing	"Must have vast knowledge in Data mining 
Literature Review of Application of data mining in health/medical area .
Proper citation and APA style format."	5
Article about happiness	everything is in the attachment	5
Write a two page paper -- 2	"Search the Internet for IT governance planning. Select a specific governance plan that exists at a company or a plan framework from an organization. Write a 2-page paper on three or four of the most important suggestions from the plan you select.
Your paper should be 2 pages in length. You need to provide a minimum of two references and need to use APA format in the reference section.
12 font size, 1” margins, double-spaced"	5
Film review	"a review for a ( Grave of the Fireflies ) which discuss issues such as national identity, cultural globalization and popular culture 

include 
- introduction: intro the film show, point out the key concept to be discussed in the review, (also point out the significance, maybe box office number ? - or is it a widely overlooked film - justify ur choice )
- integrate the plot summary somewhere here 
- body: arguments: use different example from the film / show for different aspects of the concept (2-4 parts will be fine ) 
- Conclusion: ur own judgement in light of the film/ show in light of the concepts
( no academic style ) (no references needed)  
1500 wds"	5
Rewrite and edit management and leadership short article	I have written a short presentation that requires rewriting and editing in proper business english	1
Write a reflection paper	This project needs to be a reflection of a gender role and identity theory named the Social Learning Theory. This project should be between 550 and 650 words. The format is APA and should have at least one reference.	5
Academic writer for long article	Hello, I’m looking for an academic writer who can translate my thoughts onto paper. Does that make sense? I’ll message you for more information.	3
Small report based on provided content	I need you to draft a small report based on the key points provided in the document that is attached. The overall objective is organise the provided key points, improve the English and produce the same in a report format.	5
Association Rule Mining  report	"Write about Association Rule Mining (ARM) algorithms, their inability to mine numerical data without first converting them into categorical ones. Discuss its issue and critically review at least two important research articles. Identify a publicly available dataset for ARM. Evaluate and explain the chosen dataset.
Construct an ARM model by applying an appropriate ARM node. ( Required to know IBM SPSS Modeler)"	5
psychology of business decisions resumee	"Consider how gender equality in the workplace can increase productivity. Include
the socio-psychological aspects of gender issues in the workplace and its
consequences."	5
Data Centre Analysis	A financial research analysis about SEA data centre industry (Singapore, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Thailand), case study for (GDS, STT GDC, peer comparison of Citic Telcom & China Mobile for data center sector) , 1500 - 3000 words in English 	5
Organizational Structure	I need someone to adjust the companies job descriptions and organizational structure	1
I would like to hire a Resume Writer	"Information technology domain 
Sales & Pre Sales manager"	1
"Literature about (Theory of Reasoned Actions ""TRA"")"	"Literature about (Theory of Reasoned Actions ""TRA"")

- 20 pages.
- Good quality writing.
- To include the history and the development of the theory (in max 5 pages).
- To include the theory model (diagram).
- Prober Referencing & Citation (Inline citation & End reference).
- From international journals IEEE, SCOPUS, ...
- No Wikipedia.
- Used sources to be included as attachments.
- Plagscan is 8% Max, Plagscan report to be included."	5
proofread and editing service for academic essay	1200 words essay to be finished editing in less than 24 hours	5
essay writing - 30/09/2018 08:46 EDT	explore various theories to analyze and develop a treatment strategy in counselingthe paper must be at least 3500 words and maximum 4000. I will share the specific details of the assignment through discussion.Thanks and appreciate the help 	5
blog article	"Managing Shrink – how IoT can help manage product loss, XX ways to reduce/manage shrink, shrink as it relates to hurricane Florence or other timely topics, etc.

References
Transportation and Logistics<[login to view URL]> (industry page on our site): Improve efficiency, safety, customer service, and compliance with SmartSense.

Supply Chain Visibility<[login to view URL]> (solution page on our site): Gain end-to-end visibility into fleet management with SmartSense. Real-time monitoring solutions improve FSMA compliance management with proof of inventory temperature throughout the cold chain. Improve driver protocol and eliminate manual processes with automated monitoring solutions.

Supply Chain Brochure<[login to view URL]> (gated content): Consistent and accurate temperature monitoring of the entire transport chain is required by the Food Safety Modernization Act (FSMA). SmartSense wirelessly measures air temperature at the point of product in the trailer to deliver precise temperature visibility throughout transit, and serves as an independent audit of the onboard refrigeration system. Using GPS tracking and nested geo-fences, SmartSense triggers custom alerts and notifications to simplify and automate compliance and product quality reporting.

Example Blog Posts

  *  The Amazon Effect: How Customer Expectations Have Impacted the Supply Chain<[login to view URL]> – lifestyle post
  *  Autonomous Trucking and the Importance of Fleet Management<[login to view URL]> – lifestyle post
  *  Pharmaceutical Cold Chain Optimization: WHO’s Plan to Improve Access for Vaccines and Medications<[login to view URL]> – we attended a tradeshow and wanted to post relevant content (see the Cold Chain Global Forum<[login to view URL]> for more info on the show)"	1
Write an article and create brochure for Information Technology Manage Service provider company	I need someone with technical and creative writing skills to write MSP (Manage Service Provider, Information Technology) article and create brochure for further download by clients. The article need to be at least 550-600 words explaining benefits of MSP, when is the good time to consider to get a MSP company involved, what are the benefits of MSP for SMB and Enterprise/Large corporations and why our company is the right choice for such services. At the end of article create call to action to call or email us and create verbal linkage between article and further downloadable brochure where reader could learn what are the marks for business to consider MSP. so they can register and download this free brochure. Brochure need to be at least 2200-2400 words with pictures and nicely formatted. I will provide sample for both documents for reference and get proper idea to you. Both articles and brochures need to be written in combination technical and literature writing to attract and captivate reader, not dry with technical terms, with nice flow to read, would be nice to have some short data in brochure to show growth of MSP services.	1
Paraphrasing for Journal Submission	"I would like to my paper para-phrased for the journal submission.
Words count is 2500 with Figure, Tables,  and Title pages.

I have already many experience of submitting journal. 
I hope ""para-phrasing"" rather than proof reading.  The paper was already checked by ""Grammarly software"".

I hope 30-50$."	5
write me an argumentation essay	"I need a research ""argumentation essay"" this essay is related to IT and information, including aspects for leading, managing, and coordinating work processes. The paper should be well-structured, written in an argumentative style, and based on the course literature. Further information on content and format for the paper is given in the attachment below."	5
research proposal	i need to write research proposal for business study	5
Strategic Entrepreneurship analysis	"Develop business models 
2.1 Define customer segment
2.2 Business model for the idea
2.2 Business model for selling the license

Development of the idea 
3.1 Mock-ups
3.2 Analysis of workflow

Planning implementation"	4
I need a writer to write my scholarship essay	"Please state educational and career goals and the reason for choosing your major (Mechanical Engineering). Limit to 120 80–character lines.
You may enter up to 120 80-character lines MAXIMUM for this essay."	5
ENTERPRISE ARCHITECTURES	"Introduce the case related to Enterprise Architecture (EA), and discuss how the documentation framework in the case is different from the EA3 cube framework.
Approximately 1500 words
Reference style: Chicago."	5
Research Paper about: Stress Management ; Individual & Organizational and how its related to organizational behaviour	"Research Paper about: Stress Management ; Individual & Organizational and how its related to organizational behaviour 


Research Paper outline 

•	Title 
•	Abstract 
•	Introduction 
•	Literature review 
•	Research problem 
•	Methodology 
•	Results 
•	Conclusion and recommendations
•	References 

Note: Project can be between 25 - 30 paper.
A4 Paper , time new roman font , 12 scale."	5
MANAGING HUMAN RESOURSES	"~ Title page 
report title, author name/number, submission date (not part of word limit)

~ Executive summary 
Report overview and summary of the aim, findings and recommendations – this is placed BEFORE the content page. (not part of word limit)

~ Table of contents 
List of numbered sections, including page numbers. (not part of word limit)

~ Introduction (terms of reference)                                                                                             
- The organisational context that discussion will be applied to and a brief outline of the topics and context investigated. Also explain who will the result be presented to.

~ Main body (Often referred to as the Analysis and Findings)
- Critical review of key topics or themes – In depth discussion to explain the key topic areas outlined in the specification above. This section must be informed and supported by appropriate secondary research to build the discussions and arguments and also highlight the key strengths or gaps in any particular authors perspectives.                                                               

Considering analysis and finding in this section discuss the best practice that could be considered for your chosen organisation. All recommendations must be informed by secondary data and additional research information to underpin your suggestions.        

(make use of appropriate headings and sub-headings here and consider  a mix of narrative and diagrammatic formats where appropriate to present findings.)

~ Conclusion – A clear summary of the information you reviewed in the main body of the report.     

~ Reference list/ Bibliography – A completed list of all sources used in the Harvard Referencing Style as outlined in the University guidelines. (not part of word limit)

~ Appendices (if used) – eg. information supporting / enhancing the discussions in the body but not essential to its explanation. (not part of word limit)"	5
research writing	Hello i need someone to write me a research about marketing. I have already chosen the topic. For the topic deadlines and all other details you can inbox me	5
Executive Resume and Cover Letter	"Facelift to an existing resume + prepare a cover letter.

Mandatory, experienced executive CV writing. Advantage for someone who worked as/with HR department in HighTech industry."	1
3 page double space research 	I need you to write a research article. which is double space 3 pages. Related to labor law	5
I need blogs written	"Need someone who has professional writing experience to write blogs for my website.
Website is [login to view URL]
The posts I need to be written are lifestyle, marketing, and product-specific sometimes."	1
sport training programme for semi professional footballer 	2000 words. needs to be done in 10 days. fitness programme for a football player. identify the physiological determinant of fitness. appropriate methods to improve physical fitness. power(peak anaerobic power). focusing on physiological training not nutrition or psychology. scientific references needed at least 15 scientific journals. clients details; 24 years old male 77 kg 1.79 m height. semi professional footballer. more details will be given.	1
Small Business Enterprise	Case study on AMOY hotel	5
Material Science Essay Sample	We need an experienced essay writer to draft a 2500-word essay sample.	5
Francis Fuller Victor's River of the West	For this first short writing assignment of perhaps two pages, apply some of the theories about the Pacific Northwest found in our introductory readings to Frances Fuller Victor's The River of the West. How does her serialized novel about heroic mountain men pertain to the idea that the Pacific Northwest is a product of empire building? What is the relationship between the ideology of empire and the characterization of this one person in her novel?	5
Environmental impact assessment/EMS	Need help in a 1600 words essay 	5
Report on Application of Data Mining in Health/Medical Area	Discuss the purpose, background, general concepts and trends related to the topic. Describe 3 references that are relevant to your topic. Include details of how the data (or text) mining process is performed and also relevant conclusion and benefits. Use the CRISP-DM framework here for both data and text mining topics. Must know how to use IBM SPSS Modeler(v18.0) or IBM SPSS Statistics.	5
Privacy Issues on Social Media	"Privacy Issues in Social Media -I want a thorough Executive Summary that focuses on Privacy Issues of Social Media. Focus on Major Social Media Platforms like Facebook, Netflix, Instagram, Twitter etc.

I want to use five sources of information that identify the problems. All articles must have a commonality and a common problem. I must engage in Higher level of thinking(Masters Level). You must also use Peer Reviews and Academic Databases. Must all be cited.
Go to Database and get peer review articles ( No Newspaper articles). Must Have an overview/background,Privacy Analysis, Major Issues/Patterns/Trends, Marketing/Advertising, Summary,consequences, conclusions, recommendations.

questions to be answered:
•	Who will read your executive summary? 
•	What is the main document’s main topic, theme, or idea? 
•	What is the “purpose” of the main document? 
•	Are there sections, or divisions, within the document?
•	Does the document make a recommendation or suggest a certain course of action? 
•	What are the benefits or consequences of this course of action?"	5
Mini essay and pictures	Hi I am looking for someone to look for items that are meaningful to my life and write a description of how it affects my life and how much its part of me in less than 2 hours	5
Travel content writer wanted	"I need you to write articles on travel subject.

Each article is for a website content and mainly for SEO purpose so must contain a specific word. 1500 characters per article. Mostly will be articles about particular countries.

I need several articles to start with and there will be more to write gradually over the next few months so if I’m happy there is a high chance of rehire. 

Please give me your price per article. 

Native speakers will be considered only.

Thanks "	1
Web content creator / Experienced copywriter needed for the website	"We are [login to view URL], web platform for marketers and developers, specialized in cloud communication solutions. 
We are looking for highly skilled native English web content writer, in order to re-write the content of our website. You will be responsible for creating and adjusting the content for new landing pages. It is really important that the copywriter has a tech background and SEO knowledge. 
If you see yourself doing, send us an application and afterward, we will send you an assessment page to check thoroughly your skills.

After the initial project, we would like to have a long-term co-operation with the assigned freelancer."	1
Research 18 Answers related to social entrepreneurship in egypt	"I need to you research answers and sources to 18 questions linked to social entrepreneurship in Egypt. Each answer needs to be backed up by a reliable source which can be quoted. The questions can be found in the attached xls-file.

The final document does not need any proofreading or special formatting. It will be used as a reference material for further research. So answers and sources within the excel-file are sufficient."	5
critical analysis	critical analysis of the reading Kübler-Ross, “On the Fear of Death”	5
Rephrasing my papers	my the attached papers are part of my research work for master degree.	5
Mobile games: Business Value Vs Ethical Issues	I need you to write a report for something.	5
Magazine Article	Please read attachments. Persuasive project. 3- 4 pages. Feel free to ask any questions	5
creative essay writing	"I would like some help in creative essay writing at high school level

It is a mock up interview - about 10 pages"	5
Case Study Survey	"You will have a written 17 page case analysis based on a Harvard Business Review (HBR) case.  Your Survey should include an identification of the major issues involved, your analysis of the issues and problems, and your recommendations on what the characters involved should do – and why.  More suggestions on analyzing the case will be provided.

The Survey is in a paper format that should be around 5-6 pages in length."	5
Marketing Research	"I'm looking for a research analyst to perform research and prepare an analytical summary.  The research topic would be:
Research sites / online tools that provide project management and software development templates for small businesses
How many sites are out there that provide such services
How much of the market is taken vs. who has most of the activity for downloading project specific documents
Is a login required?
Is a minimum purchased required?
Is it a small business or does it only offer enterprise support?

Please create a spreadsheet of companies analyzed and a powerpoint of the summary of information learned."	3
Writing Project	I need someone to write 4 pages in English for me. MLA format.	5
Assignment management report	Writing and defining management in accounting	5
International operation management	"-few open question
-0 plagiarism
- based on a given passage"	5
Complete me a report/Assigment/Essay	I have an assigment due on 7th November, 1000 words. the assigment is about sneaker market in the US. More information will be provide later on.	5
I need to know about KM implementation	I need to know about KM implementation. I need insight into how a knowledge management program is implemented. The analysis will incorporate fundamental concepts about tacit knowledge capture (learning by being told, learning by observing, vicarious learning, experiential learning, inferential processes), explicit knowledge codification, knowledge sharing, and communities of practice into the analysis. The document to be analyzed is posted.	5
Are anticholinergic drugs useful for treatment of overactive bladder syndrome? (Discuss their advantages and disadvantages by focusing on their mechanism of action in various tissues)	"Your poster should include the following: 

1.	Introduction- Your introduction needs to set the scene and should include some background information about the subject area.  Define the issue!
The introduction should give a brief background of the topic you are discussing/presenting in your poster. The reader needs to very quickly understand why you chose this general topic (why is it important?) and get general background information. Depending on your chosen title, your introduction MAY include some of the following information:
•	Disease– Description of the disease/condition? Why is this disease/ condition important (e.g. information about the prevalence, costs associated with treatment of patients, issues with the quality of life of patients , etc. )
•	Drug targets/ mode of action of the drug - what is the drug(s) looking to treat, what are the main cellular targets and why are they important? (What is the mechanism of action of drug(s) you are interested in?) Are there any additional targets that could be potentially explored? If yes then why? How is the drug delivered? Pharmacokinetics of the drug and side effects.
If you want to include additional subheadings in this section you will not be penalised.

2.	Aims- What is (are) the aim (s) of your study? What is the key research question? Your introduction needs to lead the reader to your aims. 


3.	Key findings- What are your main findings/ conclusions/take home messages from your poster?  


4.	Presentation-
The poster should be able to stand on its own as a clear, logical presentation of the subject you have chosen, without the need for a vocal explanation.
You can use either MS Word or PowerPoint to create your poster – I recommend PowerPoint, easier to create posters. 

Use fonts that are easy to read (such as Times New Roman, Garamond, and Arial)

Include text and figures to highlight key points about your poster. Remember posters are a visual way of presenting information rapidly.
Find the right balance between text and diagrams/figures. Try not to make you poster too wordy. Be concise, maybe a good diagram or picture can convey your message much easier.

Avoid jagged edges: left-justify text within text boxes or fully justify blocks of text

Choose colours carefully and pay attention to contrast.  If in doubt, dark print on light background is best. 

Organize and align your content with columns, sections, headings, and blocks of text

White space is important to increase visual appeal and readability (this is the “empty” space between sections, columns, headings, blocks of text, and graphics).

Avoid fuzzy images; make sure all graphics are high-resolution (at least 300ppi) and easily visible

Edit your poster carefully for typographic or grammatical mistakes and image quality before submission

There is no word count for your poster but you can only use one side of a single page (as a guide 800 words should be sufficient).
All figures and tables should be labelled clearly with a clear legend and should be cited in the poster.
All references should be listed and also cited in the poster. 

5.	References - Use references to support statements. Use the Harvard referencing style."	5
research work	Summarize strategic priorities of Nike and Adidas in US Sneaker Market, including their approach to issues of sustainability and/or corporate social responsibility.	5
Need help in writing a research report in challenges and opportunities of BIG DATA in certain industry	"Need help in writing a research report in challenges and opportunities of BIG DATA in certain industry.

Using journal articles from Australia Business Dean Council(ABDC) as reference"	5
Event Marketing	"(World Travel Market 2017)

•	You are required to evaluate an event in terms of the marketing development and implementation.
•	You must focus on one particular event of your choice that will critically analyze.
•	Your assignment should demonstrate an understanding of the theory and dynamic role of marketing in the event sectors.
•	You should identify the appropriate tools used in the event selected."	5
traditional  accounting information system	Read the article and determine main points then write 10 pages about these points the topic is 3.8 period in the article	5
personal statement	I need a original personal statement for applying to UK university to study specifically accountancy and finance or accountancy and business management, undergraduate degree, must be between 1000 and 4000 characters.	5
2 Articles Writing and 1 Essay analysis	"Part1: Summarize 2 articles : 
-	Article 1 – “Globalization”
-	Article 2 – “Towards a Learning Organization: The Strategic Learning Blocks”
Conditions:
- Every article size must not be more than 1/3 of the article size with nothing less than 1,200 words.
-  Rephrase but don't include any similar words or sentences.
Structure should be:
1 - Abstract (have one or two sentences) 
2 - Introduction / background ( should be five or six sentences collated in one paragraph)
3 - Objective(s) of the study
4 - Methodology
5 - Results/analysis/interpretation/conclusion


Part2: Critical Essay Analysis writing
""Effect of the 4th industrial revolution on the employment market""
- 1,200 words
- no plagiarism
- any referral must be noted and included by the end of the essay

Deadline: 15th November 2018"	5
I would like to hire a PowerPoint Designer	I wrote a 7 page paper on Malware, and have to create a powerpoint to go with it. The key points of the paper I wrote.	5
Content Re-Write	"I have some erb content I need re-written to be seo friendly 

5- 300 word articales 

Let me know turn around time please"	1
Report on Person-of-theTherapist	Address the issue(s) of the “person-of-the-therapist” in the application of these common factors of change, and therapeutic model(s) for a clinical case of your choice.	5
Artifical intelligence economical negativity 	"Is the artifical intelligence the future of legal practice in the 21st century?

6 slides talking about the negativity of economical artifical intelligence

Please use newspaper amd articles for references

-Oscola reference style used please 

- i would like to have the websites used sent to me as well
"	5
system security report	build a challenge and fix the error and do a report.	5
negotiation	"8-12 pages excluding items 1, 2, 10
1.	cover page
2.	TOC
3.	introduction/background
4.	negotiation parities 
5.	each party negotiation power, strategy, agenda, interests, expectations
6.	negotiation process from each side
7.	negotiation results
8.	outcome/conclusion
9.	recommendations, what would you have done differently
10.	references"	5
Small Research	"Hello, 
I am looking for experts in research to conduct a research on the history of the theory of crisis communications. It is a small research and I will share details on chat. Thank you."	5
Report Writing	Discuss any two issues below that have occurred with two separate organisations that you are familiar with. The information must be historical.	5
writing about teaching in universities	"I need to reflective writing - 3000 words about
1- design learning activities
2- teaching
3- assessments
4- learning environments
5- professional development in education 
I need 5 references and I have examples to be included in what? why? how? style"	5
write 7 to 10 pages	write 7 to 10 pages in Medical regulations	5
Airline operations new	"FARs 121 regulations 
and also"	5
Essay about Globalization and Protectionism - 4/5 pages long APA style 	I need you to write a research article.	5
Write a research paper for Development Psychology Topic	"Paper Option #1 Nature/Nurture
Developmental science focuses on the various contributions to development, and whether they lean toward the genetic side of things (nature) or environmental (nurture). Choose from one of the following topics discussed in the modules:


Child obesity
Eating disorders
Adolescent depression
For this paper, review the module material on your specific topic. Then, write a paper describing in detail the “nature” (primarily genetic, inherited) contributions to this condition as well as the “nurture” contributions. You will need to conduct internet research and cite the sources to obtain additional information on your topic. For example, explaining the inherited reasons for a child to be obese will require that you visit, read, summarize, and cite medical sites on the internet. It is crucial that you rephrase material in your own words and cite it or put phrases from the sources in quotation marks and cite it. No more than a few sentences should be directly quoted, however, in order for you to receive credit for writing this paper (in other words, no credit is given for a paper that is a string of other people’s quotes). As a general rule of thumb, at least 1.5 pages should focus on ""Nature"" contributions to the issue at hand and at least 1.5 pages should focus on ""Nurture"" contributions.

Your research must include at least 2 journal articles or books. That is, websites can be very helpful and informative, but your final paper must include full, published research articles or books on the topic. Sources should be reputable and consistent with what you learned in the module as well as other sources. GoogleScholar and PDF articles from the internet can be helpful resources. Make sure you use good search terms when trying to find articles. You may want to start broad (for example, “Bystander effect”) and then narrow to your particular area. This paper requirement means that you need to include at least two primary sources in your paper; articles from the internet can be included, but they would be in addition to the two minimum primary sources. Primary sources are firsthand accounts; thus, they involve the author writing about his or her own work.

It is recommended that you spend at least a page and a half discussing “nature” for this topic and a page and at least a half discussing “nurture.” Finally, conclude the paper by indicating which side (nature, nurture) gives the strongest contribution to this condition, or whether they are both needed. For example, for child obesity, is genetics alone a sufficient cause for a child to be obese, or are poor eating habits necessary to along with a genetic predisposition? The paper should follow the following format:

I. Introduction. Introduce your topic.
II. Description and research on “nature” components
III. Description and research on “nurture” components
IV. Evaluation: which side (nature, nurture) most strongly contributes?"	5
research paper	"congress party in post-independence Era
Chicago Style 
Write 12 pages essay"	5
Big data analysis research	"do a big data analysis research no longer than 1200 words
minium of 8 references required - 5 of them need to published in or after 2011"	5
Write research paper for the usecase	Write research paper for the usecase.	5
FINANCE TOPIC	FINANCE WRITING TOPIC 1500-200 WORDS	5
Article writing x 4 variants	"I need 4 variations of an article written off 500-600 words to also contain some keywords for backlinking. The article should describe our website and what we do 

[login to view URL]

Native English speakers only"	1
Presentation; batteries	"I need a presentation about batteries ( intro, usage, advantages and disadvantages, types.. and any other interesting topics about batteries)

-	I need the presentation to have charts, figures, table..etc (any infographic related)
-	To have only points ( not very long sentences)
-	Along with it a word doc so I can read it and present the presentation.
Doesn’t have to be too fancy! Number of slides up to 12 ( with intro and question slide)."	5
need introduction writing	I need help for writing in introduction for a group project.	5
copywriting in automotive niche	"We are looking for a copywriter, who is able to write blog posts in the automotive niche. To be accurate - everything about car batteries (replacement, types, maintains, etc.). Type of posts: checklists, advice, product and manufacturers comparing, relative devices reviews. We are providing topics.
Blog posts should be UNIQUE and about 500-700 words long. (We are always checking for plagiarism).
To the right person, we will give up to 5 posts per month"	1
Essay about Bullying - 5 pages	Essay about Bullying - 5 pages. Neede by Tuesday	5
Comparative Political Research Essay	"We are a private market research firm currently undertaking studies relating to politics and law.

Our project is a 2000 word essay that should be on the nature of comparative political research about a comparison between the United States and the United Kingdom. 

More information is included in the uploaded files."	5
Resume and Circulium Viate	I want to land the job with my resume and Circulium Viate	1
Copy and Market Research	"I am a mindset relationship therapist and coach. I am starting to create copy for a new website, programs and webinar series. I focus on serving women 25-50, affluent, struggling with conflict in relationships, personal development, desire for fulfillment and ease in their lives and relationships. 

I need you to research copy used and comments from customers from similar authors, vloggers, personas on Youtube, Amazon, Facebook Ads, and Instagram. 

I am looking for sales copy that seems to be effective, positive comments from clients or customers (i.e. book reviews, Youtube comments, etc). Make note of ads that are popping up in Youtube videos and what they are selling to that audience. 

Area to be researched:

-Loneliness
-Codependency
-Narcissistic Relationship Victims
-Relationship Patterns
-Love
-Personal Growth (ex. Brene Brown and Gabrielle Bernstein).

Organize this information by topic, platform, copy and customer reviews. 
(an example of what I'd like this to look like will be provided in the form of a Google Sheet)

I will need:
1. What platform the information is coming from
2. What the title of the video or book is
3. Who the vlogger/persona/author is
4. The TOPIC that you searched to find this (what did you put in the search engine, so if I need to find it again, I can)
5. The relevant copy/comments actually pasted verbatim in the document (please specify if it is copy from the sales or comments from the consumer)."	1
Cover letter + CV for Irish market	I'm looking for jobs so I need a good cover letter and CV related to my background and the job I'm applying for, specifically in Irish aviation market; and Europe in general.	1
thesis proposal writing on impact of process innovation on organizational performance of SMEs	research proposal writing on impact of process innovation on SMEs performances	5
write articles about GDPR, marketing, email marketing	"I need to hire a writer who is well established and has profound knowledge about marketing, GDPR regulations, email marketing and telemarketing. Your job will be to write very informative and attention grabbing blog posts in perfect english for a company that works in this area. Around 1000 words per article is good and each article needs to give the reader great insights and value. Of course the content must be unique and can NOT be copied from other sources since that would be a violation of copyrights and affect the website in a very negative way.

We'll start with the first article and then we can proceed with many more.

Quote your price per article <1000 words."	1
read an article and then answer some questions 1000 words	read an article then answer questions word count is 1000 words (total of  6 questions)	5
brand resonance model and brand equity.	Critically discuss how both the Brand Resonance Model and the concept of Brand equity may be used to guide brand building activities. Use a wide range of academic literature to link the conceptual elements embedded within the model. Also support your answer by proving concrete examples and current market data.	5
TABLE OF CONTENTS NEEDED FOR THESIS	I need a table of contents set up on an existing thesis document - all headings and figures need to numbered and linked to working document that can be changed or added too	5
Report on PSM fucntion for a firm / Company	"Individual Project
•	Identify a company / firm and identify the PSM function within the company
•	Corporate, business and operations strategy
•	Strengths of these strategies
•	State the advantages of PSM within the company
•	Quantify the advantages of the positive impact (further explain it to the points that benefit the company)

Will send you a file of the actual report guidelines once everything is approved"	5
I need someone who is capable of doing academic writing and research	"I need someone who is capable of doing academic writing and research in Wireless sensor network
1-Wireless Sensor Networks (WSNs)
Definition, overview types, and importance, ( about 1 page)
2-Sensor Components ( 0.5 – 1 page) 
3-WSNs applications  ( 0.5 – 1 page) 
4-Wireless Sensor Networks Layer Stack (0.5 – 1 page) 
5-Physical layer security ( 0.5 – 1 page)"	5
Help me write something	"Hi 

I need someonw to do an assignment for me"	5
Spain Geographic Essay	"Ghostwriter needed
More Details below
Word Count: >2000
about: Happiness in Spain and immigrants
Time Frame: 1 day 
Style: Comparative/Analytical Essay   
Format: 12 pt. font Calibri
Referencing: in-text referencing (APA)"	5
CV/resume writer for a freelance copyeditor and proofreader	Hi, I need someone to revamp my CV/resume. I have written one, with some key projects, achievements, accomplishments, etc., but it is just so boring. Looking for someone who is skilled at CV/resume writing to review and suggest changes for my 2-page CV/resume. On a limited budget...	1
Case study for network security 	I need you to write a case study report for network security.	5
A comparative report	A comparative report between the choice of an unincorporated partnership and an incorporated private limited company (Ltd).	4
Sport Essay / Report	"using the a model of Behaviour change, produce a critical evaluation of how this relates to sport and physical activity participation.   2000 words with references and citations. 

Model of Choice - ""deficit model"""	5
Copy Writing	"Need someone to copy write for my website.

Nature of business: Lawn & Garden Care"	1
critical essay harvard style	critical essay by Harvard style about Frida Kahlo	5
Academic writing  -- 2	Accounting project 	5
Proofread product menu and package	We need to professionally proofread a baby product menu and package in one day	1
Help me write something	I need you to write a research article. Research the HRM practices in the uae	5
Easy Write Up	I need you to do a write up about the effects social media has on one’s self esteem. 	5
Article of barbecue smoking 	I need you to write a research article. On the use of wood in barbecue smoking. 	3
For Janelle Heideman	Hello Janelle.  We are happy to extend this project (blog) to you.	3
7 types of waste in lean production theory	"- 2000 word essay on 7 types of waste in lean production theory.
- Cite at least 2-3 academic articles.
- Include your own example scenarios from construction projects for each type of waste."	5
Rewrite a 3,500 Word Review Article (I have more work after this)	"I need a writer that is well versed in English to rewrite a batch of articles (reviews) in the home niche. The rewritten articles need to have high quality, sound good and be in your own words so they pass Copyscape. No spun content or other nonsense like that.

This project here is for the first article in a batch. It has 4,000 words and contains 10 short reviews of various products in the home niche. 
After this, I have more articles (currently 22,600 words overall) that need to be rewritten, all in the same category and the same type of products. If you do a great job, I'll be happy to give you more work to do.

Cheers!"	4
Article 500-600 words	"I need an article written for my website [login to view URL] which should be titled ‘5 places you must visit when in Russia’. 

The article can then be quite general with a bit of blurb about each, but with a closing paragraph about ‘Before travelling to Russia’ which is where there will be content about applying for a Russian visa. I will tell you which are the top 5 places and where you can find some information about them"	1
Content check	I would like to hire someone to check my main's page content and to proceed to any changes if needed to improve it and make it more SEO friendly.	1
Write encyclopaedia article about British company.	You will need to write 1000 words about a financial company in Wikipedia's house style.	3
Business travel market 	I need you to write a research article.	5
Write an Article for the website	"Write an Article ""How to choose the best cycling clothing"" for the website [login to view URL] using words which will help to promote website. 600-700 words. The company makes  women specific, premium cycling clothing."	1
Improve Quality of Service For Home Automation Network (IoT)	I need help about writing my research proposal which is improve quality for home automation networks. the state of the art and QoS parameter	5
Content for website and brochure	"Edit content provided to suit:
1. Website
2. Retail Pamphlet

The content is provided.  It needs to be edited for use in marketing materials.  Additional information about the audience and the services are provided for background information.  See attached."	1
Website Copy	We are an organic kombucha brewery in Southern California. Our target audiences are yogis, fitness enthusiasts, new agers, and holistic/conscious communities. I am seeking help with writing copy or text to our website to inform people about the products and adding flow and aesthetics to the site.	1
hi I need your help in writing a 300 word personal statement for my university application	"Hi, I am looking for a professional writer who is good in English to help me in my university application.

Describe an exceptional achievement and/or lesson learned in your academic or work experience. How would your experiences support your choice of programme(s)? What are your plan(s) upon graduation?""

 I will tell you more details on my academic, work experience and my choice of program once the project is being taken."	5
to write a short paper(1000-1100 words)	I need someone who can write a short paper on emerging technology in the field of robotics, it should explain kinds of moral decisions that raises for engineers. also compare it to a similar existing technology and should explain how its morally and technically similar.	5
Resume writing and editing	professional resume writing and resume advice	1
Grant Writer Needed - Fight Camera Action	"Hi, my name is Angela Robinson! I am a licensed esthetician in the state of California. I founded a non-profit in 2013 that helps children and individuals with terminal illness create unforgettable memories with family and friends. Face Art Creative Team Foundation Inc. provides skin health education, beautification workshops, and host exclusive spa and beauty events for children and adult patients with cancer to help build their confidence, self esteem, make new friends  and to bond over fun and unforgettable moments. I have been funding the events myself, and I just really need some financial help to continue. These projects cost a lot of money that I honestly just don’t have access to as I’d like, but I don’t want to give up because I see the remarkable difference and huge impact in the few projects my non profit had made. I really hope to host more events, but I just don’t have enough money. I am new to all this, and I don’t know a thing about how to go about getting nor writing grants. I recently signed up with a company that finds grant matches for individuals and non-profits. Out of tons of researching these matches, I’ve only found one to my inferior knowledge in choosing possible matches that I believe I may qualify for, but the problem is is that I don’t know what to do from here. So, I got online to find a grant writer for help and it led me to freelancer.com. I need a grant writer that has a passion for children and others with terminal illnesses and truly understands the weight cancer puts on peoples emotional and physical self esteem and sees the value in what my non profit is doing for cancer kids and patients. Please help!! I’ve uploaded a few clips from a project my non profit had done last year so you can see that I need to continue this mission. Thank you for taking the time to read about my mission! I look forward to impacting more lives with your help!
P.s I apologize in advance as some of my photos and videos appear to have a problem uploading. If you would like to check out my website at [login to view URL] for more info and videos -please use a PC this site is not mobile friendly for media content."	1
Write an article/report about an event	"Hello,

The project is to Write an article/report about an event already happened."	5
report writing 	I need you to write a report for something.	4
Report Writing	Relating Business info systems	5
Article about why real estate agents need a website.	51% of people found their home online.  I need an article explaining to real estate agents the value of having a real estate website with the ability to search for real estate	1
Content translation	I need to hire someone to translate some content of my website from English to German and Russian. Content i around	1
Seo Articles	I have a website that I am already doing SEO on. I need some articles created with specific keywords that I can use both on my website and other websites as well (I already have a list of keywords).	1
Professional CV Writer	I require a Profesional CV Writer ,Igive you all the information,old cv and certificates and i need a new cv with all in and ensure no duplicate certificates as there is [login to view URL] the only input i wish to give is over the phone if a description is needed ,This cv should be used wordl wide and i need it editable in word form once done ,to be clear i sent you a link with all inside and expect a profesional cv with all in and certificates sorted ,i will provide a link to upload it again or can be sent via we transferto me back,i do not have time for any other inut unless over the phone .i need time spend to make the cv as detailed as possible	1
Resume editing	Need my resume edited. This is a physicians resume and will require prior experience with working with such content.	1
Cyber security Essay	"Please write a 4000 – 5000 word essay on one of the topics below. Please use at least 8 scholarly journals as references in your paper. Use MLA or APA citation for the paper.

""Which state-sponsored cyber threat concerns you the most? Why?"""	5
research in project management	"research in project management with 60 pages maximum, guide lines can be shared once agreed. preferable expert in technical writing and solid back ground in project management, also have high skills in web searching.
deadline to have the The research ready within one week time."	5
Restructuring, rewriting article	I have a paper I need to be restructured, made to flow in a clear and concise manner. I believe it is a bit bland at the moment. I also want to further emphasize and highlight the psychological mechanisms I describe in the paper.	5
I need you to write an essay for 2,000 words	I need you to write an essay for 2,000 words	5
personal statment for graduate admission 	"The statement should explain why they are applying and how their studies will contribute to the achievement of their personal objectives, including information about past achievements and challenges they have faced in their academic or professional life as well as identifying specific academic areas of interest within the field of Islamic Finance and Economy (minimum of 300 words, maximum of 500 words). 

I'm applying for second master in Islamic finance my first was in MBA I interesting in the major I have experience in teaching finance subject I have cooperate in writing a finance book with some of my collage . 
I can be useful for collage in teaching or research . "	5
Need someone who understands in and out of freelancing	"I  want to give away a free guide to new / aspiring freelancers that are struggling. I could have done this myself, but due to my busy schedule, I need someone who understands in and out of freelancing to write a simple, yet efficient point of manual document outlining what a freelancer has to do step by step in order to stand out from the rest. As an example:

 - As a new freelancer, you need to spend more time on finding relevant leads 

- To make sure you keep your profile up to date and not make it seem like you created an account for the heck of having one

It should have 30 points for a start and you need to name the document as 'steps you need to take as a new freelancer' and anyone applying for this project must type [guide] on top of your bid"	1
Systematic review in human resources	A systematic review in human resources	4
Industry comparative analysis	Market expansion research paper 15-20 pages.	5
Blog writing for Dry Cleaning	Write Blogs twice a month on Dry Cleaning and other [login to view URL] be excellent and creative	1
business law 2	"basic business law, its practices and 
                     principles, and the legal environment in which business operates"	5
Scientific and Technical Communication	define and explain technical communication and discuss the essential elements necessary to writing clear and effective sentences. Also, explore audience and purpose.	5
International Plan	6-7 pages developing an international plan!	5
Proofread and Enhance My Blog Post	Need someone to content proofread my blog post and also make it sound more professional. I need help finishing my blog.	1
Account essay writing	"Need to be finished before end of Wednesday. 2500 words account essay writing about balanced score sheet with detailed requirements. 700 words of part B has been finished.

part A discuss the benefit and limits of BSC drawing from at least 5 academic papers
part B select companies and discuss major challenges, drivers, and ways of effective implementation of the BSC in these specific cases.
Part C critically discuss the business cases introduced in part B in relation to the literature analysed in Part A and draw relevant conclusions."	5
question & answer cfin	Its mustafa, only one question about corporate finance	5
Write up a business plan.	"My name is Ahmed and I am a 32 year old from Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, and I wish to use my passion for playing retro games to provide a location for others like myself to hang out with friends, playing classics such as Donkey Kong and Mortal Kombat, while consuming on beverages and snacks.  

The business that I have in mind is opening a retro themed arcade and video game cafe or similar in Riyadh. The inspiration behind the idea was when I visited a number of arcade themed bars, or as they classify as ""Barcades"", while travelling across a number of cities around the world. The concept of a ""Barcade"" revolves around a typical alcohol serving bar which contains many classic arcade machines, such as Street Fighter 2 and NBA Jam, and classic video game consoles hooked up to old school CRT TVs such as Super Nintendo and Sega Genesis,  available for their customers to play while enjoying a drink with friends. Very commonly the model of such a place would involve the consumer paying a one time cover fee, which gives him access to play on the machines and consoles for free for the entirety of the stay, only paying additionally for drinks and snacks. Some places use somewhat different models though.  

The business I have in mind is very similar to what is described above, except due to local laws and regulations here in Saudi Arabia, alcohol is considered illegal, therefore it must be replaced with some other form of offering in order to generate revenue and compensate in the place of alcohol. 

What I would like to have is a business plan done. It should cover as many aspects as possible including products, services,  strategic and market analysis, marketing plan, budgeting, a financial plan, sales forecast, etc. I intend on using this information when pitching the idea to potential partners for this business."	1
Website blog writing	"- We will offer you a blog outline
- Topic: Cooking Oil related
- 1500 words required
- deadline: 4/2
- The project will be a long-term partnership if you offer this article on time with high-quality."	1
content editor / writer for my website	We are looking for content editor to make sure the content is marketable. We're a non-profit organization and would like to work with a content editor and rewrite it in a more appealing way and a marketable and convincing way to the reader that visit the site and want to donate.  There isn't a lot of content, but please check the site and let us know.  [login to view URL]	1
write me a resume	"i have a current resume. i can provide job descriptions for past jobs and current. but i need a detailed resume.

also would like to include this advice from my mentor ""You need to tell me how you helped an organization.  For example, reduced user impact by streamlining user moves.  And you need to have 10 or so bullets per job.  Start each one with a action verb (and vary them).  I don't care what you do, I can train someone to do that.  But show me how it helps the user/company by saving time or money, and you got my attention""

included job descriptions example resume of what detail id like mine to have. and current resume"	1
Articles for eco products for cleaning in the bathroom, kitchen and laundry.	I need you to write 3 seperate blog articles about eco products for cleaning in the bathroom, kitchen and laundry for my website [login to view URL] mentioning why it’s an eco product(beneficial or neutral to the environment) and its effectiveness. An interest in natural cleaning and interest in cleaning would be beneficial.	1
Product description for gifts website	"I just have new items for my website. I would like to have Short product descriptions for 50 items.
8-10 sentence for each product that make customer interested in. I have 45 in the MSwords list, the other 5 is in my website. [login to view URL]"	1
Write an English essay	I need someone to write an English essay about consumerism, it has to be in APA style and it needs at least 5 references and 5 pages.	5
content writing SEO optimized	Looking for someone to write website content and article blog posts.	1
Customer Relationship Management System	"Project instructions:

1-	A Coffee shop (Drowsy Coffee Shop) that will use a CRM system to improve their customer relationships.

2-	Using project management techniques, initiate, plan and execute CRM system that uses functionalities and types of CRM (Sales, Marketing, service, analytical, strategic and collaborative CRM).

3-	The final outcome should be a documented project.



*** Note that you need to document all the tasks listed above. Hence, you need in include the following sub-headings in your written report with an appropriate title, screenshots, and analysis of what is performed ***


(I)	Introduction about the coffee shop and building a business case about it.
a.	Briefly introduce the CRM and the coffee shop (Drowsy Coffee Shop).

b.	Perform a situation analysis, identify the main goals and objectives and develop the business case by highlighting the expected benefits and costs.

(II)	Using Operational functionalities.
a.	Implement 3 functionalities of each operational applications (Sales, Marketing, and Service). Make sure to demonstrate the use of social media.

(III)	Using Analytical and Strategic CRM Functionalities.
a.	Generate reports about sales and marketing and identify profitable customers and effective marketing segments.

(IV)	Reflection and Conclusion.
a.	Write a reflection about the work that has been done and identify the KPI and critical success factors."	5
Writing a Proposal about Safety Procedures 2500-3000 words	"Hello
I need a professional and expert writer to write me a perfect proposal about safety procedures. Details and topic will be announced to selected freelancers. Th proposal includes all standards elements including, but not limited to, abstract, background, literature review, objectives, research question, research problem, methodology, etc. It must include at least 2500-3000 words."	5
Professional writer	"There are 4 technical report. The first draft should be released by Wednesday 11am western Australian time and final draft after feedback by 2pm Western Australia time.
Topic 1: Describe with diagrams an example “industrial automation system” of your choice 
Topic 2: Describe with diagrams and examples of how PLCs are used in industrial automation
Topic 3: Process Control Engineering
Topic 4: Examples of Feedback Control System in a Robot"	5
Write me an article: 5 reasons	I have an audio recording that I want to have written into an article.  The article needs to be at least 500 words and more than just transcribing the audio clip.  Please see the attached clip.	2
finanicial Analysis for mangers	I will give to you the report just need  some changing  of report	5
Market research small assignment	Further details will be provided to selected freelancers. It's about studying marketing of companies.	5
essay writing	"I need two short essays to be written in academic APA style for a Psychology and clinical language sciences course. The questions will be regarding language development in a genetic disorder. I can send the questions upon request. I need this by this Saturday 27th.
Is this something you would be able to help me with?

Thanks!"	5
CBD Merchant Processing Landing Page	"Review content and reword/rework copy. 
[login to view URL]"	2
Capital Budgeting under Uncertainty and Risk 	I need you to write a research article and include some key points which I have already included in a slide 	5
Trend analysis for exchange rate and interest rates of Mexico and U.S	"I am seeking for someone help to do a trend analysis for exchange rate and interest rates of Mexico and U.S. All detailed information will be provided by me and I hope this can be done before Monday.

Background: A currency carry trade involves investors looking to exploit interest rate differentials between two currencies and it is thought to be one of the factors that contribute to the empirical violations of the uncovered interest parity (UIP). Choose a pair of funding and investment currencies (Mexico and U.S dollar) and their money market interest rates (e.g., monthly rates, "	5
Paper on Saving the World	"The main topic is defending Anarchism and how it will fix the biggest issue facing humans on earth. (Corrupt government)
An argumentative paper with reason, data, logic, coherent argumentation, persuasion. 
2,500 words
10-12 proper sources
No plagiarism or excessively long quotes (I will be checking)"	5
Three Page Informational Paper	Three pages written for a seminar related to Cloud Computing Security  and an overview of the NIST Cloud Security Management publication.	5
Manuscript editing and adding contents	I am working on a book project and I have just started with an introduction. I thought I would try your service to see how you can polish my writing and add contents to it to make it sound live.	1
I need someone to Do my case study questions 	"Online Marketing at Big Skinny – Case Study Questions

Your case study analysis and discussion should cover the following areas:
1. Bringing Big Skinny’s offline tactics online (e.g. converting traffic, replacing personal
selling)
2. Evaluate Big Skinny’s sponsored search strategy (e.g. are there search keywords Big
Skinny can use to increase/lower its bid, targeting strategy and segments)
3. Evaluate how Big Skinny is using social media to sell its wallets (e.g. do content and
followers sell wallets)
There is no strict word limit requirement, but 1500 words should be sufficient to tackle the
entire submission of 3 questions. You must address all 3 areas in your submission, with
approximately equal word length to each."	5
detailed review paper	"I want a detailed review paper to be written upon my topic, 
Its related to ""Human-Machine Music Ensemble for Live Concert Performance"" and Human Computer Synchronization"	5
Business Rrticles Required	"I need an experienced business writer with a good understanding of SEO. Topics for all articles and references will be provided. The writer must write the articles with the aim of getting them ranked well with SEO.

Please provide examples of your work when you apply."	1
Research essay	"Need a research essay written on the topic below:

The Opioid Epidemic: Are doctors who over-prescribe
narcotic pain medication causing the opioid epidemic?"	5
paraphrasing for a report	"paraphrasing for a report with high quietly work.
the similarity must be less than 5 %
only 11 pages"	5
Update my resume	I need to have my resume updated and modernized, in a proper 'C level' executive format and also suitable for posting on LinkedIn.	1
essay about smart grid	10 pages about smart grids i will provide the topics to include in the essay	5
cover letter writing	I'd like to have a great cover letter emphasizing my elite athletic sport background and also my diverse and constant sales quota achieving experience more that 150% in average sales quota achieve since 2007 in the private and public sector for various industries.	1
I need a mission and vision statement for my nonprofit	My business is Pursuit of Dreams. its a nonprofit and i need to write a mission statement and vision. Pursuit of Dreams mentor kids teaching life skills and community building.	1
Proofread + Edit Whiskey Sales Plan	"I'm am developing a marketing and sales plan for a whiskey brand that I need another set of eyes to proofread and suggest edits as necessary before submitting the final deliverable. 

The ideal person for the job would be someone with strong writing skills and and be a native or fluent english speaker. 

I also need help with presenting this plan in a professional package. Formatting and some graphic design experience is  a plus.

Creating the final package can be an add-on project once edits are complete.

hmu if you're interested!

Will"	1
Essay on integrative leadership practices and issue	In need of an essay on a well know global company (better if on a retail or financial sector) that reflects leadership practices and associated issues. The paper should be 2500 words, plagiarism free (it may be check online), needs to contain academic reference and is needed by 28th of May 2019.	5
Completely Rewrite/Spin 5000 words (At least readable) in -12 hours.	I need to have 5000~ words written/spun in 12 hours. Must be readable. 12 hours deadline is also a must. Let me know the fixed-price rate. Computer science (Blockchain) topic.	5
Product page copywriting	"I am looking for a native english speaker to write one product description as a test. 
If the test is conclusive 10-15 other product descriptions will need to be created.

Product features and pictures can be found in the attached PDF file.

The description needs to be a few paragraphs long (approximately 200 words) and needs to focus on the benefits of the product not the features.

I will be checking that the description you write are not plagiarised."	1
Business article 	I need you to write a business article within 2 hours, just need one page, high price 	1
Need to complete 3 case study	"Case Study 1: Nationstate Insurance Case Study
Case Study 2: International Foods Case Study
Case Study 3: International Foods Case Study

Detailed case study with answer on discussion questions mentioned in all 3 case studies"	5
Information Compiler and Editor	"Hi, I need someone who can be given a subject or topic, eg Cricket Rules, Excel Tips and Shortcuts, a list/explanation of all phobias....and provide about 500-700 words and basic images back on it.  However, the info needs to be reduced to the least amount of words possible, no filler words, very concise, so that as much info can be shown in a small space as possible. 

I will have 100s of these to be prepared, so price point is imperative - some will be quicker than others eg Excel shortcuts I would expect is more copy/paste and less editing, than eg Cricket Rules..

Hoping someone with speed and accuracy can help:)"	1
SEO Keyword Rich & Well Researched Blog Post Writer	"Hi, I need the help of a blog writer who loves to write short, quick but Well researched & SEO Keyword rich blog posts.

I will need your help writing 4 blog posts weekly.
Each post should be no more than 1200 word but NO LESS than 1000 words.
This gig pays $50 weekly."	1
PHD PROPOSAL	IN NEED OF A GOOD ACADEMIC WRITER FOR A PHD PROPOSAL ON A TOPIC IN BANKING FOR ENTRY APPLICATION	5
research for Multimedia Sensor Networks	Application of Wireless Multimedia Sensor Networks for Security Supervision, Network Architectures, and Implementation Challenges.	5
Redo my resume	"My resume seems a bit messy and I would like someone to look at it, edit it, clean it up where necessary and make to look cleaner. 

It may be too wordy or just poorly structured. I will rely on your expertise to tell me what is the best way to edit the document. 

My field is finance, commodities and trading."	1
Write a paper	"Need help to write 2500 words paper according to the topic I will discuss in chat. If this comes out good, professional and as expected, will work with you in the next project. I really need someone who has experience in writing articles, critiquing articles, researching good sources like journals. Anyway more info will be discussed in chat. Need it in 4 days.

Please put your final bid."	5
Create Resume	"I have been an IT Consultant for over 25 years primarily as a Sr. Business Systems/Technical Analyst with Project Management and Team Lead experience.  
I need a shorter, professional resume that will highlight and summarize my career.  
I would also like a one page introductory letter highlighting leadership qualities; enthusiasm, team building, communication, as well as experience and proven success. 

I have attached 2 resumes, one very detailed from 1984 - 2017, the other shorter from 2010 - 2019.


Please let me know if you have any questions.

Thanks,

Deb"	1
Create SEO rich content for my website	"Hi, 

I'm struggling to juggle between my day time job and building my website, so I'm researching the feasibility of using a writer to create SEO rich content.

My websites niche is technology, specifically smart home and internet of things (devices, appliances, ideas, etc).

My posts need to be:
- +- 1500 words per post
- I'd provide the keyword, although open to suggestions.
- I may edit the post 

Can you give my a cost on the above? I'm looking to build my website, if the price is affordable and the content is good I imagine that there will be more work.

Many thanks
Chris"	1
Report discussing the solution of post tensioned concrete and the impact of its technical change in design and construction.	"Report discussing the solution of post tensioned concrete and the impact of its technical change in design and construction.

[login to view URL]

1. Introduction 
200 words and what we aim to achieve in this report
x1. [Reference]
2. Background
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
2.1 What is it?
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
2.2 Characteristics 
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
2.3 Properties 
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
3. Application 
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
3.1 What it does?
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
3.2 Where is it used? 
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
3.3 What it seeks to replace?
300 words 
x1. [Reference]
4. Fitness Attributes Against Alternatives 
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
4.1 Against Clay Traditional Concrete Methods
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
4.2 Technological Advantages 
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
4.3 Technological Disadvantages
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
5. Dynamics of Introduction
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
5.1 Building Component 
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
5.2 Limitations 
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
6. Impact of Use on Building Projects
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
6.1 Scale of Innovation 
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
6.2 Results Achievable Through Substitution
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
6.2.1 Construction Process
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
6.2.2 Building Design/Structure
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
6.2.3 Management of risk/safety
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
6.2.4 Environmental results 
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
7. Social Actors and Location of Advantages 
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
7.1 Developer/client
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
7.2 Designers
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
7.3 Head Contractor
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
7.4 Sub-contractor/bricklayer 
100 words 
x1. [Reference]
8. Technical Considerations
200 words
x1. [Reference]"	5
Looking for a CV re write	"Hello, I need to rewrite my CV. My current CV looks a bit unprofessional and I need someone who knows what's exactly required for a english CV.

It should be ready in 48 hours after starting"	1
Write a promotional article for our website	"Hi, I work at a small IT company and we are looking to promote our new wireless solution. We already have a website which we are using as a sales funnel.

I am looking for someone to research the subject of Managed WiFi and write an article which shows how our solution would benefit our customers.
The article needs to be attractive so that our customers will see the many benefits of our solution.

Our target audience are businesses which want to provide WiFi to their guests or tenants (e.g. Hotels, Guest houses, Property managers, B&Bs).

For insight we are using the technical features of Open Mesh (Wireless Access Points) and the CloudTrax system."	1
We are seeking an experienced freelance writers to brainstorm, write, and create content for our customers blog related to parenting:  parents, single parent, caregivers, adoptive parents, foster parents etc.	"We are seeking an experienced freelance writers to brainstorm, write, and create content for our customers blog related to parenting:  parents, single parent, caregivers, adoptive parents, foster parents etc. Stories of achievements, heartaches or breakthrough, love, loss or joy..

1000 words per article"	1
E-commerce Product Descriptions	I am starting an ecommerce store that will sell seeds, nuts, dried fruits, candy, spices, etc. I need someone to enter product descriptions for several different types of products	1
20 Auto-related Product Descriptions Needed (100 words per description)	"We are looking to create paragraphs of content that will appear on Dynamic Search Pages on our client's webpages. For example, if a customer searches for ""alternators"" - a list of alternators for purchase will appear. The text that you are creating is what will appear at the top of the list. This helps the website rank better in Google's eyes. 

Your goal is to create at least 75-100 words of content that explain the car part, why they need to replace the part, the value of OEM (original equipment manufactured parts - aka, not aftermarket parts), and give them a call to action. It can be relatively casual in tone but including SEO keywords and calls to action is crucial. Also, use the brand name provided here and there.

When it comes to describing the car part, you can talk about what a certain car part does, why it is important, signs you need to replace a part, etc. Anything to that affect to describe the part. It doesn't have to be a detailed, in-depth description. A basic overview is fine.

Follow your description of the part by keeping these things in mind:

- Why the buyer will need or want to replace a part

- Why purchasing an OEM part is important. You can use terms like OEM, Genuine, Factory Parts, ""Straight from the manufacturer,"" - etc.

- A call to action at the end. The whole purpose of this content is so someone buys a product. You can say anything like ""Buy xx part on our site,"" ""Shop OEM parts below,"" ""Buy xx part today and have it shipped straight to you,"" - etc.

We do not want duplicative content that you have seen on every other car part site. We are looking for you to write these creatively so there is no chance of a penalty from Google. We will check to make sure these are not ""copied and pasted"" descriptions, so please ensure you are coming up with unique content.

IMPORTANT: While including keywords and the brand name is important, please use them within context and avoid ""keyword stuffing"" just to include them. Less is more - so use these tastefully.

You can see an example of what we are looking for by viewing the screenshot.

We will provide a word document with the auto parts we need descriptions for once the job is accepted."	1
Create an article	"Budget: $75-$100 but it is negotiable.

Topic: How restaurants can benefit from using Facebook ads and messenger marketing.

More details upon acceptance of project."	1
Content Writer	Looking for quality content for a small technology consulting website.  Roughly 6 pages.	1
Critical Analysis World War 1	There are 2 questions about WW1	5
Security and Web Database	500 words for each of the 2 tasks! It's about Database security and web database depending on the proposed case study!	5
Writing a Report -- 2	"Writing a report about one of the choices, Social Issues and a reflection. 
-- Sample is given to show what can be done better!"	5
Cinema and Culture Study	I need it within 1 hour, please do it right now. this 250-300 words project​ is to Explain the factors and changes that transformed Hollywood in the postwar period and brought about the New American Cinema.	5
Write articles about weather data	"We are interested in having some articles written about our new weather data offering ([login to view URL]).  The basic project is this:

  1) Come up with an interesting topic relating to historical weather data (ideally directed toward a US audience).  Any type of weather pattern, climate change, current weather events vs. historical patterns, etc. could work.  The most interesting, the better.  Use your imagination.

  2) Use the weather data look-up from our site ([login to view URL]) to find some weather data for your article.

  3) Write an article on your topic including the weather data and a link back to the Visual Crossing Weather lookup page.  (800-1200 words ideally)

  4) Post the article on a publicly-facing website/forum where such articles are accepted.  (The more popular website, the better)

  The initial plan would be to engage multiple Freelancers in each writing a package of two articles.  Based on quality and success the hope is to pick one or two Freelancers to do additional tasks including additional public articles as well as posts for our own website.  However, this initial project is simply to write 2 articles each using steps 1-4 above.

  To be clear, this project is for writing two articles and posting them based on the steps above."	1
Write an About Page - SBC Bathrooms	"I need  to write an About Page for a new website.
SBC Bathrooms. 10 Years experience. Commercial and Residential.
Services:
Bathroom Renovation. Tiling and Flooring. Painting. Plumbing.
We promise:
Detailed quotes and scopes of work.
Estimated time frames.
Fast communication.
Flexibility."	1
Introduction of two-dimensional cell culture versus three-dimensional cell culture	I would like to have a help about the comparison of 2D and 3D cell culture. I will be glad if someone who studied biomedical sciences or related with cell culture. I will give more details later.	5
Market analysis 	I need you to write a market analysis for a consulting company,3000words,budget ￡50	5
EU affairs project	"The EU Turkey Statement and the violations of Human rights: 10 pages
Special attention to plagiarism!
Footnotes in the bottom of each page. At least 20 different bibliographical sources (for the total of pages, no Wikipedia/ encyclopedia. Books, articles, scientific journals)
(TNR 12, Spacing: 1,5, Margins: Top/ bottom: 2,5 Left: 4 Right: 3)"	5
400 word answer	"Require answer to question 400 words 
Apa referencing based on 3 pages"	5
History Paper on Medieval War Technologies	"10 Page-double spaced, Times New Roman
Some sources will be provided that need to be used for this paper."	5
I need an expert writer	"I need you to write an essay.I have supporting materials.

1-the importance of cost management in IT

2-the process of planning cost

3- the different types of costs estimates and methods

4- justify the use of earned value management to assist cost control

5-examples of the process of determining the cost"	5
3000 words essay ref5018	"Looking for a writer specialised in cognitive neuroscience studies..
Will need the essay for 3000 words. 
Deadline 5 May.

Choose one topic from a list, please see attachment. 
All work used within the assignment should be appropriately referenced, APA referencing style.
Please message for more information."	5
property party wall	"Question: (party wall act): constraints on development: neighboring buildings, planning consents, rights of way

approaches to consider:
1) what was the law before the statute ? - or explain why the statute was enacted
2)what do the relevant provisions of the statutes say ?
3) what case law exists to help interpret provisions ?
4) what is the thread of your argument and what are you concluding ?
5) if presented with a problem/scenario type question, feel free to have several answers depending on what the facts might be
6) The drawbacks it can bring to a developer building a house next to an existing building. i.e if building a loft conversion and a party wall agreement will be needed specifically for the insertion of the steal
7) steps of doing point 6 above and the process for example:
- serving party wall notice
- outlining what you intend to do and give them a minimum of 2 months notice prior to works commencing
- what happens if they disagree to the works ?
if they do not agree in writing within 14 days you will need to appoint a party wall surveyor.
8) Is building regulations required ?
9) can a party wall surveyor pass the works with the neighbors disapproval
10) who makes the final decision ? the developer, party wall surveyor or neighbor ?

include case law. use carefully: facts and rules but not whole reports
 References required. 

approximately 1000-1200"	5
Research article	I need you to write a research article. 6,000 to 10,000 words. It's a contemporary political theory reaserch article on the works of Francis Fukuyama.	5
Wrong conviction in America	"An essay about Wrong conviction in America, it should be 10 pages without the cover and summary pages.

Thanks!"	5
Writer hiring-acadamic writing 	"We are looking for freelancers who are willing to write, edit academic essay or project.

If you are interested in the job, please attach your academic CV (with your educational background, research experience, publication list, etc.)
Show me some of the best essay, project you have done"	4
personal statement	I want a personal statement for UCAS. I will provide some information about me and my resume so you know my past experiences. It shouldn't be copied from anywhere please.	5
Eseu Management	"Hello! I am looking for a native romanian speaker to help me with an essay. It is about management. The task is a better (ideal) management system starting from the most representative (Anglo Saxon, Japanese, American). The due date is on Monday, the 6th of May. The essay has to have between 7 to 10 pages in word. Thank you! 
Buna! Este vorba despre un eseu despre un sistem de management mai bun (ideal) pornind de la cele mai reprezentative ( anglo saxon, japonez, american ). Deadlineul este până pe 6 mai. Intre 7 -10 pagini in word."	5
Essay-1000 Words (Focus on British History)	"Here are the questions for the  essay
Length: 1000 words or 4 printed pages.
Use lecture notes, regular readings and at least one other scholarly source in constructing your answer. ( will provide if needed)
List the source in a bibliography. 
Use consistent endnotes for references.

1.	The English Reformation was carried out against the wishes of the people. Discuss.

2.	Did Mary Tudor, a devout Catholic, deserve the epithet “Bloody Mary”?  

3.	Why has Elizabeth I continued to fascinate historians?

4.	How did Elizabeth meet the challenge of religious change in her reign?"	5
global trade and finance -- 2	"Why do you think growing inequality is detrimental to long-term economic growth?
write about 300-400 words
within few hours"	5
Get a termpaper written	"Hi,
I need a term paper for the topic ""Morocco's Policies Toward its African Neighbours (1956-2001)""
I need 7 pages (12 Times New Roman font so that makes up to around 3000 words) with 3-4 references. 
Thanks."	5
I need someone to Re-Word my report	"
I have a report which is very short only about 1,500 words. I want someone to reword it and make it sound more professional. You don’t need to write anything new just rewording exactly what on there would be perfect.  

I need this done in 1- 2 days maximum. 

Please don’t send me long copy and past messages. Only send me a message that is short and tells me how long will you take to finish this project. "	5
Write me a personal statement for postgraduate	I graduated from University in 2014 with a degree in Tourism Management at Canterbury Christ Church University. Currently working in financial services and have been for the past couple of years. I would like to pursue a career in business administration and therefore would like a personal statement written for me for the admission into my masters in business administration.	3
Need an essay	I need a simple response essay of 900 words within 24 hours. I can pay CAD 5 with a good review if the job is done well. Details in the inbox. thanks	5
Charity Manifesto For A Black British Nationalist Website	"My client is looking to create a hypothetical black British nationalist web based manifesto for a theses they are conducting. 

The manifesto should be based on 'self-determination' promoting legal representational support, independent school and nurseries with a supportive discipline background. Job training linked to partnership bonuses. Business support services and a greater awareness and pride in oneself. Mindset installation of duty to protest directly and indirectly and use whatever means legally available to be visible/heard.

The manifesto must deal with the negative and prejudicial concept of crime within the community and acknowledge that crime is colourblind and the true national statistics show that crimes such as 'Murders' annually are actually the same per capita whether you are 'black or white'

The charities mantra must be included....

'What I was has been taken away from me. What I am is being created for me. What I will be is for me and me alone to determine'

This project will require someone with good knowledge of black history throughout the UK. Also a current grasp on the political climate within the UK. Preferably someone with knowledge in respect of politicians use of the term 'black on black crime'.

I need this completed today."	4
Urgent English Essay	"Hello,

All instructions are in the attached pdf. This is serious work so I need serious inquiries only. The essay needs to be 3-5 pages long and professional. I need this owrk done asap in the next hours!

Thank you"	5
Need Someone who can Help T.h.e.s.i.s	Topic is similar to eco friendly cars let me know if anyone is interested thanks Long term work	5
Write 2 essays about music	"Write 2 essays about music and technology used in 3 different pieces of electroacoustic music and popular music.
One of them has to be quite short (500 words) and the other one medium length (1500 words).
For more details, send me a message and I can send you the document with all the info."	5
Letter of intent to Grad School(MBA)	"I need to write a letter of intent to Grad school(MBA).
Detailed instructions will be given when assigned.
2 pages.
Thank you."	5
Stylized facts analysis	The implementation of solar energy in developing country.	5
Writing Essay	Writing essay ( 500 words) 	5
help me write my English speech	It a persuasive speech. The files that I uploaded, there are 5 slides and the speech must include all of the points.	5
data writeup	vocab bump and structure data less than a page	5
Grandma Minnie- Memoir of a Holocaust Survivor	"I would like to have someone write a memoir about my Grandma Minnie who is 93 years old and is a Holocaust Survivor.  She survived many concentrations camps, such as Auschwwitz and Bergen Belsen.  The story of her life, pre-war, during the war, and post war, is what I would like to book to be about.  This is for my own personal use, so that my kids and their kids, will have all her stories written down.  

She is the most amazing person you will meet.  Everyone who meets her, loves her.  I am looking for someone who lives in the NY area, where she lives, and can interview her in person.  She works with my mom and they own a handbag store.  She is very active and independent and lives by herself.  But her health has been declining and I have realized that the clock is ticking.  I want to have this book written in a timely manner.

Looking for a writer who understands this part of history, can research and write well, and know how to story tell."	1
