10 Page-double spaced, Times New Roman
Some sources will be provided that need to be used for this paper.
I need you to write an essay.I have supporting materials.

1-the importance of cost management in IT

2-the process of planning cost

3- the different types of costs estimates and methods

4- justify the use of earned value management to assist cost control

5-examples of the process of determining the cost
Looking for a writer specialised in cognitive neuroscience studies..
Will need the essay for 3000 words. 
Deadline 5 May.

Choose one topic from a list, please see attachment. 
All work used within the assignment should be appropriately referenced, APA referencing style.
Please message for more information.
Question: (party wall act): constraints on development: neighboring buildings, planning consents, rights of way

approaches to consider:
1) what was the law before the statute ? - or explain why the statute was enacted
2)what do the relevant provisions of the statutes say ?
3) what case law exists to help interpret provisions ?
4) what is the thread of your argument and what are you concluding ?
5) if presented with a problem/scenario type question, feel free to have several answers depending on what the facts might be
6) The drawbacks it can bring to a developer building a house next to an existing building. i.e if building a loft conversion and a party wall agreement will be needed specifically for the insertion of the steal
7) steps of doing point 6 above and the process for example:
- serving party wall notice
- outlining what you intend to do and give them a minimum of 2 months notice prior to works commencing
- what happens if they disagree to the works ?
if they do not agree in writing within 14 days you will need to appoint a party wall surveyor.
8) Is building regulations required ?
9) can a party wall surveyor pass the works with the neighbors disapproval
10) who makes the final decision ? the developer, party wall surveyor or neighbor ?

include case law. use carefully: facts and rules but not whole reports
 References required. 

approximately 1000-1200
I need you to write a research article. 6,000 to 10,000 words. It's a contemporary political theory reaserch article on the works of Francis Fukuyama.
An essay about Wrong conviction in America, it should be 10 pages without the cover and summary pages.

Thanks!
We are looking for freelancers who are willing to write, edit academic essay or project.

If you are interested in the job, please attach your academic CV (with your educational background, research experience, publication list, etc.)
Show me some of the best essay, project you have done
I want a personal statement for UCAS. I will provide some information about me and my resume so you know my past experiences. It shouldn't be copied from anywhere please.
Hello! I am looking for a native romanian speaker to help me with an essay. It is about management. The task is a better (ideal) management system starting from the most representative (Anglo Saxon, Japanese, American). The due date is on Monday, the 6th of May. The essay has to have between 7 to 10 pages in word. Thank you! 
Buna! Este vorba despre un eseu despre un sistem de management mai bun (ideal) pornind de la cele mai reprezentative ( anglo saxon, japonez, american ). Deadlineul este până pe 6 mai. Intre 7 -10 pagini in word.
Here are the questions for the  essay
Length: 1000 words or 4 printed pages.
Use lecture notes, regular readings and at least one other scholarly source in constructing your answer. ( will provide if needed)
List the source in a bibliography. 
Use consistent endnotes for references.

1.	The English Reformation was carried out against the wishes of the people. Discuss.

2.	Did Mary Tudor, a devout Catholic, deserve the epithet “Bloody Mary”?  

3.	Why has Elizabeth I continued to fascinate historians?

4.	How did Elizabeth meet the challenge of religious change in her reign?
Why do you think growing inequality is detrimental to long-term economic growth?
write about 300-400 words
within few hours
Hi,
I need a term paper for the topic "Morocco's Policies Toward its African Neighbours (1956-2001)"
I need 7 pages (12 Times New Roman font so that makes up to around 3000 words) with 3-4 references. 
Thanks.

I have a report which is very short only about 1,500 words. I want someone to reword it and make it sound more professional. You don’t need to write anything new just rewording exactly what on there would be perfect.  

I need this done in 1- 2 days maximum. 

Please don’t send me long copy and past messages. Only send me a message that is short and tells me how long will you take to finish this project. 
I graduated from University in 2014 with a degree in Tourism Management at Canterbury Christ Church University. Currently working in financial services and have been for the past couple of years. I would like to pursue a career in business administration and therefore would like a personal statement written for me for the admission into my masters in business administration.
I need a simple response essay of 900 words within 24 hours. I can pay CAD 5 with a good review if the job is done well. Details in the inbox. thanks
My client is looking to create a hypothetical black British nationalist web based manifesto for a theses they are conducting. 

The manifesto should be based on 'self-determination' promoting legal representational support, independent school and nurseries with a supportive discipline background. Job training linked to partnership bonuses. Business support services and a greater awareness and pride in oneself. Mindset installation of duty to protest directly and indirectly and use whatever means legally available to be visible/heard.

The manifesto must deal with the negative and prejudicial concept of crime within the community and acknowledge that crime is colourblind and the true national statistics show that crimes such as 'Murders' annually are actually the same per capita whether you are 'black or white'

The charities mantra must be included....

'What I was has been taken away from me. What I am is being created for me. What I will be is for me and me alone to determine'

This project will require someone with good knowledge of black history throughout the UK. Also a current grasp on the political climate within the UK. Preferably someone with knowledge in respect of politicians use of the term 'black on black crime'.

I need this completed today.
Hello,

All instructions are in the attached pdf. This is serious work so I need serious inquiries only. The essay needs to be 3-5 pages long and professional. I need this owrk done asap in the next hours!

Thank you
Topic is similar to eco friendly cars let me know if anyone is interested thanks Long term work
Write 2 essays about music and technology used in 3 different pieces of electroacoustic music and popular music.
One of them has to be quite short (500 words) and the other one medium length (1500 words).
For more details, send me a message and I can send you the document with all the info.
I need to write a letter of intent to Grad school(MBA).
Detailed instructions will be given when assigned.
2 pages.
Thank you.
The implementation of solar energy in developing country.
Writing essay ( 500 words) 
It a persuasive speech. The files that I uploaded, there are 5 slides and the speech must include all of the points.
vocab bump and structure data less than a page
I would like to have someone write a memoir about my Grandma Minnie who is 93 years old and is a Holocaust Survivor.  She survived many concentrations camps, such as Auschwwitz and Bergen Belsen.  The story of her life, pre-war, during the war, and post war, is what I would like to book to be about.  This is for my own personal use, so that my kids and their kids, will have all her stories written down.  

She is the most amazing person you will meet.  Everyone who meets her, loves her.  I am looking for someone who lives in the NY area, where she lives, and can interview her in person.  She works with my mom and they own a handbag store.  She is very active and independent and lives by herself.  But her health has been declining and I have realized that the clock is ticking.  I want to have this book written in a timely manner.

Looking for a writer who understands this part of history, can research and write well, and know how to story tell.
