Description|For this online assignment, you are required to find THREE credible sources relating to human health effects thought to be attributable to climate change. Using information learned from the Climate Change lecture (lecture 24) as well as the three sources that you will find on your own, please complete the following:  In your own words, please name and describe three distinct health effects (diseases or syndromes) that may be directly or indirectly caused by climate change, and explain the climatic events or shifts that cause these health effects. Please find and cite three credible references for the information you provide. Credible sources include ONLY the following:  1. Peer-reviewed journal articles, from peer-reviewed academic journals  2. Review articles from peer-reviewed academic journals  I strongly suggest that you use PubMed to locate your source material for this assignment.  Grading will be based on:  1. The thoroughness with which you explain the three health effects- including (a) communication of scientific detail, (b) the extent to which you synthesize the source material in your assignment (translating the text of the article into your own words) and (c) your logical connection of the described health effects to climate-related environmental factor(s).  DO NOT QUOTE OR PLAGIARIZE YOUR PEER-REVIEWED SOURCE MATERIAL, OR ANY OTHER MATERIAL. All student submissions will be subjected to online plagiarism checking and within-class plagiarism cross-checking prior to grading.  2. The quality of the scientific journal article sources located, and the adherence to APA citation formatting. No two students may use the same set of three journal articles; any submission found to have identical sets of references / sources to previous submissions will be returned to the student for revision and resubmission. This confers an advantage to those who complete and submit the assignment early!  Your complete explanation should be 900 to 1000 words (not including name, title, and references).  YOU MUST CITE (within-text citations AND bibliographic citations) YOUR SOURCES IN APA PRINT JOURNAL FORMAT! The 6th APA format guideline one-pager ("easy-bib") is available on the WCL course site. This assignment is to be submitted via SafeAssign in WCL- no emailed papers will be accepted|write a report 10-20 sentences about each of the three topics below: 1. Compare and contrast the Black Death in Eurasia in the 14th century with smallpox disease the ravaged in the new world  in the 16th and the 17th centuries. How were they similar? How did they differ? consider especially their mortality, the areas affected, how it affected various groups of people, and how those places and peoples changed as a result if the epidemics?  2. Compare and Contrast the Ming Dynasty and the Ottoman Empire. how were they similar? How did they differ? Consider their time periods, their rise, their fall, their geography, and how they interacted with the wider world (and each other if they did). 3. Explain the Columbian exchange. How did it start? what geographic regions did it include? what people did it include? How did the interactions work? what items and other things were involved in it? how did it change the wold?   each question and point must be answered.    |